http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/blunkett-was-victim-of-phonehacking-when-in-office-2206338.html
= 1280) { fn_pageskin = "yes"; } googletag.defineSlot(unitName, [8, 8], "inskin8x8").addService(googletag.pubads()).setTargeting("inskin", fn_pageskin).setTargeting("article", articleId); // Partner 300x150 ad googletag.defineSlot(unitNamePartner, [300, 150], "partnersmall").addService(googletag.pubads()).setTargeting("target", "ps").setTargeting("kw", articleId).setTargeting("ord", ordValue1); // Partner 300x250_1 ad googletag.defineSlot(unitNamePartner, [300, 250], "partner300x250_1").addService(googletag.pubads()).setTargeting("target", "ps").setTargeting("kw", articleId).setTargeting("ord", ordValue1); // Partner 300x250_2 ad googletag.defineSlot(unitNamePartner, [300, 250], "partner300x250_2").addService(googletag.pubads()).setTargeting("target", "psmpu2").setTargeting("kw", articleId).setTargeting("ord", ordValue1); //googletag.pubads().enableSingleRequest(); //googletag.pubads().refresh(); googletag.pubads().collapseEmptyDivs(); googletag.pubads().enableAsyncRendering(); googletag.enableServices(); }); Friday 25 July 2014 Sign in Your comment has been successfully submitted Apps eBooks i Jobs Dating Shop News UK Home News UK Politics Scottish independence Crime Weird News World Europe Americas Middle East Asia Africa Australasia World Politics World History Novaya Gazeta (English) US Elections US Elections Battleground WW1 Moments Business Business News Business Comment Business Analysis & Features Sharewatch SME Market News Market Epic Market Heatmaps Market Screener Business Directory ES Business Connections People Science Environment Climate Change Green Living Nature Media Opinion TV & Radio Press Online Advertising Technology Education News Schools Further Higher Primary Tables 2011 Secondary Tables 2012 Training & Courses MBA & Executive Images Obituaries Diary Corrections Newsletter Appeals Images People Voices Sport Tech Life Property Arts + Ents Travel Money IndyBest Student Offers How to deal with Putin Booker Prize Can you screw your way to the top? George Osborne Greece Michael Gove News > UK > UK Politics Blunkett 'was victim of phone-hacking' when in office By Cahal Milmo , Martin Hickman and Andrew Grice Monday 07 February 2011 Print You must provide a valid email address in this field Thank you! Your email has been successfully sent. Your friend's email address Your email address Note: We do not store your email address(es) but your IP address will be logged to prevent abuse of this feature. Please read our Legal Terms & Policies A A A Email David Blunkett, the former home secretary, believes his mobile phone was illegally hacked by journalists while he was in charge of police, prisons and anti-terrorism at one of the most sensitive government departments. The suggestion that a serving cabinet minister – whose responsibilities included the oversight of MI5 and sensitive operations against Islamic terror groups – was having his voicemails intercepted is one of the most alarming yet in the scandal over the tactics of some sections of the British press. Five former Labour cabinet ministers have come forward with concerns that newspaper reporters eavesdropped on their messages while they were in office in order to find information about the politicians' private lives. A fortnight ago, the former prime minister, Gordon Brown, became the most high-profile figure to ask police to investigate whether he was a victim of phone hacking, joining the former deputy prime minister, John Prescott, the former s ecretary of state for culture, Tessa Jowell, and the former chief whip, Nick Brown. Mr Blunkett is understood to have raised suspicions with police late in 2004 that his phone was being hacked at a time when he was battling to save his political career after newspaper revelations about a love affair. Media coverage of his three-year relationship with Kimberly Quinn, then the publisher of The Spectator, and vigorously denied accusations that he had fast-tracked a visa for her nanny, led to his resignation from the Home Office. Mr Blunkett, a Sheffield MP for 23 years, is understood to have decided not to take legal action over the alleged hacking. His office said yesterday that he had no comment. The Metropolitan Police have vowed to leave "no stone unturned" in its new investigation of the case. A Scotland Yard spokesman declined to comment on whether officers would re-examine Mr Blunkett's concerns. A former Labour minister called on David Cameron last night to ensure that ministers' communications are never eavesdropped again. Tom Watson, the MP for West Bromwich East, said: "The PM has the authority to get to the facts and the power to ensure that measures are taken to stop a scandal like this happening again." During the prosecution of Glenn Mulcaire – who was paid by the News of the World, and subsequently jailed, for listening to the messages of aides to Prince William – it emerged that senior politicians were among the public figures who may have been of interest to the private eye. Police seized thousands of pages of records from Mulcaire's home in which he detailed the mobile-phone information of "targets", including their voicemail access numbers and PIN codes. The disclosure in August 2004 of Mr Blunkett's relationship with Mrs Quinn – which had begun in 2001 and, according to friends, had developed to the point that the minister believed she was going to leave her husband – created a media storm as rival newspapers scrambled to uncover details of the couple's doomed affair and evidence to back up claims that he had misused his position. When he stepped down from Tony Blair's government in December that year, Mr Blunkett described the personal toll the furore had taken, saying he had been "terribly hurt" by the exposure of his relationship with his American-born lover. His friends said Mr Blunkett was "heartbroken". The News of the World broke the story under the front-page headline "His love for mum-of-one", but did not disclose Mrs Quinn's name. Within 24 hours, its News International stablemate The Sun had filled in the missing part of the puzzle. The tabloid recounted how Mrs Quinn had broken the ice at her first meeting with Mr Blunkett by describing herself as "tall and blonde". The editor of The Sun at the time, Rebekah Wade – now Brooks – is currently the chief executive of News International and a personal friend of Mr Blunkett. The pair dined together on the evening after Mr Blunkett resigned from the Cabinet for the second time, in 2005, following claims about his ties to a bio-science company. After his second resignation, Mr Blunkett became a columnist for The Sun. Mrs Quinn's adulterous relationship was of interest not just to News International titles and its disclosure led to a flurry of newspaper activity after it emerged that she was pregnant with her second child and allegations surfaced about the immigration status of her Filipina nanny, Leoncia Casalme. An inquiry by Sir Alan Budd into whether Mr Blunkett had misused his position to "fast-track" a visa application for Ms Casalme found that there was a "chain of events" linking him to the decision to grant the nanny indefinite leave to remain in the UK – some 120 days faster than the average. But Sir Alan concluded there was no evidence that Mr Blunkett had sought "special help" for Ms Casalme. The addition of Mr Blunkett's name to the list of suspected hacking victims comes shortly after the disclosure of a new body of evidence to the Home Affairs Select Committee alleging that former News of the World editor Andy Coulson was aware of the practice. A Channel 4 Dispatches documentary to be screened tonight will claim reporters recorded their conversations with editors as part of a culture of "paranoia". Labour politicians who have expressed fears Chris Bryant Labour MP and former minister of state for Europe Believes he was a hacking victim. Said it was "inconceivable" Mr Coulson could not have known phones were being hacked when he was editor. Lord Prescott Former deputy prime minister Claims police failed to carry out an effective investigation and would not supply him with all information concerning him found in jailed private investigator Glenn Mulcaire's office. Lord Prescott says police found a piece of paper with his name on it at Mulcaire's office, beside "two self-billing tax invoices for £250 each from News International Supply Company". Tessa Jowell Labour MP and former Olympics minister Her mobile phone company informed her someone had tried to access her voicemail last month. She has reported it to the police. Gordon Brown Former prime minister Has asked police to investigate if his phone was hacked while he was prime minister. Suggested Topics Glenn Mulcaire Mobile Phones News Of The World Phone Hacking World News in Pictures Enter URL: Enter URL: News 'He's worth idolising' peopleSusan Sarandon reveals more on her David Bowie romance Sport Look who's back sportDidier Drogba returns to Chelsea on one-year deal News Former QPR teammates Barton and Benayoun clash over Gaza conflict people Arts and Entertainment Not in front of the kids! filmFifty Shades of Grey trailer provokes moral outrage in US PROMOTED VIDEO News Robert Fisk on Israel: The Obama Years ebookA unique anthology of reporting and analysis of a crucial period of history Sport Five things we’ve learned so far about Man United under Louis van Gaal football Voices 'The economy may be back on track, but ordinary people are being left behind' voicesJames Moore: As the Tories rub their hands together, the average voter will be asking why they're not getting a piece of the action Sport Lovren on the verge of Liverpool switch sport News Nobody’s laughing newsComedy club forced to apologise as maggots eating a dead pigeon fall out of air-conditioning Arts and Entertainment 'X Factor and BGT wheel on people with mental health problems' tvJo Brand says shows encourage people to laugh at the vulnerable Life and Style Watching TV after work makes you feel 'guilty and like a failure' life Sport Welsh hurdles champion Rhys Williams suspended over doping charge commonwealth games News UN says Isis forcing women into FGM in Iraq – but is the claim based on a Twitter hoax? i100 Arts and Entertainment Captivating Nicolas Cage is no ordinary Joe filmReview: Actor delivers astonishing performance in low budget drama Life and Style Condom couture fashionLatex dresses hit the catwalk to raise awareness for HIV and Aids Travel Hold on tight: Best theme parks in the UK travel Independent Travel Shop Up to 70% off luxury travel on city breaks Find out more Up to 70% off luxury travel on chic beach resorts Find out more Up to 70% off luxury travel on country retreats Find out more Please provide search keyword(s) Advanced Search Article archive Topics "+(e+1)+" "+ t.headline +" "); }); } }); }); Most Shared Most Viewed Most Commented 1 Malaysian cyclist could face disciplinary action after 'Save Gaza' gloves protest 2 Is Gideon Levy the most hated man in Israel or just the most heroic? 3 McDonald’s removes chicken nuggets from the menu in Hong Kong amid major food scare 4 Students offered grants if they tweet pro-Israeli propaganda 5 Satellite full of sexually experimental geckos adrift in space, Russia loses control of mission Israel-Gaza conflict: Israeli targeting policy under scrutiny after shellfire hits a mother and child, a school full of refugees and a doctor’s home Iraq crisis: Isis orders Mosul shop keepers to cover mannequins Comic Con 2014 attendees   Students offered grants if they tweet pro-Israeli propaganda McDonald’s removes chicken nuggets from the menu in Hong Kong amid major food scare Malaysia Airlines MH17 crash: Vladimir Putin is given 'one last chance' to end hostilities in Ukraine Oliver Poole The 'scroungers’ fight back: The welfare claimants battling to alter stereotypes Emily Dugan The truth about conspiracy theories is that some require considering Patrick Cockburn Arizona execution lasts two hours as killer Joseph Wood left 'snorting and gasping' for air David Usborne Malaysia Airlines MH17 crash: Ukrainian military jet was flying close to passenger plane before it was shot down, says Russian officer Natasha Culzac Malaysia Airlines MH17 crash: Massive rise in sale of British arms to Russia Cahal Milmo independent images Comic Con 2014 attendees   Taiwan plane crash Costa Concordia’s last voyage Israel-Gaza conflict  Flower beards trend Malaysia Airlines flight MH17 crash  World news in pictures UK news in pictures Arts + Ents news in pictures  Sport news in pictures < Previous 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Next > SPONSORED FEATURES Topman: Tips from top stylists Shop London has teamed up with Topman. View the latest film clips shot at Topman Oxford Circus, plus your chance to win a £1,500 voucher. Win a holiday The Gambia London Trend Join the party Holiday wardrobe i100 Sun Set Style #editme Prizes & offers Business videos Win a tailor-made trip to Graubünden, Switzerland’s No. 1 holiday destination Discover Swiss alpine holidays – your way Topman The Gambia London Trend Join the party Holiday wardrobe i100 Sun Set Style #editme Prizes & offers Business videos The Gambia in the Summer The Gambia may be the smallest country in mainland Africa but this is no reflection of it rich versatile offering. Topman Win a holiday London Trend Join the party Holiday wardrobe i100 Sun Set Style #editme Prizes & offers Business videos #fashionhappy film competition Calling all fashionistas! Enter our film competition to win a £2,000 Westfield Gift Card plus an internship at London Live. Topman Win a holiday The Gambia Join the party Holiday wardrobe i100 Sun Set Style #editme Prizes & offers Business videos Join the party With Prudential RideLondon taking place on 9 and 10 August, it is worth finding out where the best places to spectate are during the weekend Topman Win a holiday The Gambia London Trend Holiday wardrobe i100 Sun Set Style #editme Prizes & offers Business videos Update your holiday wardrobe Update your holiday wardrobe with tropical prints, the perfect pair of sandals and some seriously stylish swimwear to make a splash in. Bon voyage. Topman Win a holiday The Gambia London Trend Join the party i100 Sun Set Style #editme Prizes & offers Business videos i100: Summer Lifehacks This is the only wallet you need at the beach this year (and 15 other lifehacks to get you through summer) Topman Win a holiday The Gambia London Trend Join the party Holiday wardrobe Sun Set Style #editme Prizes & offers Business videos Sun Set Style After a hard day spent sunbathing, breeze into dusk with relaxed separates and sunset hues. Polish it off with shimmering details and an Aperol spritz Topman Win a holiday The Gambia London Trend Join the party Holiday wardrobe i100 #editme Prizes & offers Business videos Get the look. See the trends. Westfield and Snapfashion team up to create a new digital styling tool. Create a style board or browse this season's trends. #editme. Topman Win a holiday The Gambia London Trend Join the party Holiday wardrobe i100 Sun Set Style Prizes & offers Business videos Enter the latest Independent competitions Win anything from gadgets to five-star holidays on our competitions and offers page. Topman Win a holiday The Gambia London Trend Join the party Holiday wardrobe i100 Sun Set Style #editme Business videos Business videos from commercial thought leaders Watch the best in the business world give their insights into the world of business. Topman Win a holiday The Gambia London Trend Join the party Holiday wardrobe i100 Sun Set Style #editme Prizes & offers Independent Dating Show Me Women Men Between: 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 50 51 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 59 60+ and   18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 50 51 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 59 60+ Location: -- Select -- Avon Bedfordshire Berkshire Borders Buckinghamshire Cambridgeshire Central Cheshire Cleveland Clwyd Cornwall County Antrim County Armagh County Down County Durham County Fermanagh County Londonderry County Tyrone Cumbria Derbyshire Devon Dorset Dumfries and Galloway Dyfed East Sussex Essex Fife Gloucester Grampian Greater Manchester Guernsey Gwent Gwynedd Hampshire Hereford and Worcester Hertfordshire Highlands Humberside Isle of Man Isle of Wight Jersey Kent Lancashire Leicestershire Lincolnshire London Lothian Merseyside Mid Glamorgan Norfolk North Yorkshire Northamptonshire Northumberland Nottinghamshire Orkney Oxfordshire Powys Sark Shetland Shropshire Somerset South Glamorgan South Yorkshire Staffordshire Strathclyde Suffolk Surrey Tayside Tyne and Wear Warwickshire West Glamorgan West Midlands West Sussex West Yorkshire Western Isles Wiltshire By clicking 'Search' you are agreeing to our Terms of Use. iJobs General Senior Risk Manager - Banking - London - £650 £600 - £650 per day: Orgtel: Conduct Risk Liaison Manager - Banking - London -... Commercial Litigation Associate Highly Attractive Package: Austen Lloyd: CITY - COMMERCIAL LITIGATION - GLOBAL... Systems Manager - Dynamics AX £65000 - £75000 per annum + Benefits: Progressive Recruitment: The client is a... Service Delivery Manager (Software Development, Testing) £40000 - £45000 per annum: Ashdown Group: A well-established software house ba... View the latest from iJobs Day In a Page Sun Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 January February March April May June July August September October November December 1992 1993 1994 1995 1996 1997 1998 1999 2000 2001 2002 2003 2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 Go Bribery and abuses of power soar in China The bribery is fuelled by the surge in China's economy but the rules of corruption are subtle and unspoken, finds Evan Osnos, as he learns the dark arts from a master Highland terriers steal the show at opening ceremony Gillian Orr explores why a dog loved by film stars and presidents is finally having its day Brewing the fat from artwork angers widow of sculptor Part of Joseph Beuys' 1982 sculpture 'Fettecke' used to distil schnapps BBC takes viewers back down memory lane The Secret History of Our Streets, which returns with three films looking at Scottish streets, is the inverse of Benefits Street - delivering warmth instead of cynicism Nicolas Cage shines in low-budget drama Joe Cage plays an ex-con in David Gordon Green's independent drama, which has been adapted from a novel by Larry Brown Make your own ice lollies and frozen yoghurt Think outside the cool box for this summer's tempting frozen treats Fiesta is UK's most popular car of all-time Sales have topped 4.1 million since 1976. To celebrate this milestone, four Independent writers recall their Fiestas with pride Heaven scent: 10 best reed diffusers Keep your rooms smelling summery and fresh with one of these subtle but distinctive home fragrances that’ll last you months Female boxers set to compete at Commonwealth Games for first time There’s no favourites and with no headguards anything could happen Five things we’ve learned so far about United under Van Gaal It’s impossible to avoid the impression that the Dutch manager is playing to the gallery a little Screwing your way to the top? Good for Lana Del Rey for helping kill that myth, says Grace Dent Will Britons fighting in Syria be able to resume their lives? Tony Blair's Terrorism Act 2006 has made it an offence to take part in military action abroad with a "political, ideological, religious or racial motive" Beyoncé poses as Rosie the Riveter The wartime poster girl became the ultimate American symbol of female empowerment The quest to find the perfect pair of earphones Earphones don't fit properly, offer mediocre audio quality and can even be painful. So the quest to design the perfect pair is music to Seth Stevenson's ears Meet the US Army's shooting star Lt-Col Steven Cole is the man Hollywood calls when it wants to borrow a tank or check a military uniform Terms & Policies Privacy Policy Cookie policy Code of Conduct Complaint form Email newsletters RSS Live Blogs i100 Contact Us Subscriptions Apps Work for us Evening Standard Homes & Property iJobs Advertising Guide Syndication Novaya Gazeta (English) ES Business Connections ES Rentals London Live © independent.co.uk Please provide search keyword(s) Advanced Search Article archive Topics
http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2011/feb/02/leaked-labour-email-restraint-phone-hacking-scandal
Turn autoplay off Turn autoplay on Please activate cookies in order to turn autoplay off Jump to content [s] Jump to site navigation [0] Jump to search [4] Terms and conditions [8] Edition: UK US AU Your activity Email subscriptions Account details Linked services Sign out Profile Beta News US World Sports Comment Culture Business Money Environment Science Travel Tech Media Life & style Data News Politics Labour Leaked Labour email urges restraint over phone-hacking scandal Email from Ed Miliband's director of strategy, Tom Baldwin, asks shadow cabinet to avoid linking allegations of News of the World phone-tapping with News Corp's BSkyB bid Share Tweet this Email Polly Curtis Whitehall correspondent theguardian.com, Wednesday 2 February 2011 07.31 EST Tom Baldwin, who sent an email urging shadow cabinet restrain over phone-hacking allegations. Photograph: Chris Young/PA Labour has asked its shadow cabinet to show restraint on the phone-hacking scandal, setting out a series of "lines" they can use in the media and asking them to ensure they are not perceived to be attacking any one newspaper "out of spite". An email forwarded on behalf of Ed Miliband's director of strategy, Tom Baldwin, to all shadow cabinet teams, asks them to avoid linking allegations of phone tapping by the News of the World with News Corp's BSkyB bid, and that they "take [Cameron] at his word" when he says that private dinners with Murdoch would not affect the government's final judgment on whether to refer the bid to the Competition Commission. It was sent on 27 January by the Labour party press office, and suggests the arguments that shadow ministers should make when asked about the issue. Such positioning statements are routine. A spokesman said that they were not "going soft or hard" on the government over the issue, just restating their position. It says: "On phone hacking, we believe the police should thoroughly investigate all allegations. But this is not just an issue about News International. Almost every media organisation in the country may end up becoming embroiled in these allegations. "This goes to the root of a wider problem in public life. MPs are taking a hard look at themselves in the mirror over expenses. It is time the media did so too over the way it conducts itself. Frontbench spokespeople who want to talk about their personal experiences of being tapped should make it clear they are doing just that – speaking from personal experience. "We must guard against anything which appears to be attacking a particular newspaper group out of spite." It asks that shadow cabinet teams do not conflate the BSkyB bid with phone hacking. "These issues should not be linked. One is a competition issue, the other an allegation of criminal activity," it says. It goes on: "On BSkyB, we have been consistent in calling for fair play. We believe ministers should conduct themselves properly in what is a quasi-judicial process. We said Vince Cable showed he was incapable of behaving fairly towards News Corp. "We have since raised questions about whether Jeremy Hunt can be fully impartial given his record of past statements. We do believe the bid should be referred to the Competition Commission and think Hunt should get on with it. Downing Street says that Cameron's dinners with Murdoch will not affect Hunt's judgment. We have to take them at their word." The email was leaked to the New Statesman, which published it in a blog today. A Labour spokesman said: "This is merely restating our policy on this and making sure people didn't confuse two separate issues. We do believe that allegations of phone hacking should be thoroughly investigated by the police – that is not going soft on anybody. "We are aware the issue is going to affect other organisations and as such there would be a wider debate about media's role in public life. There's no suggestion of us going soft or going hard." Sign up for the Guardian Today Our editors' picks for the day's top news and commentary delivered to your inbox each morning. Sign up for the daily email Print this Share Contact us Send to a friend Sender's name Recipient's email address Your IP address will be logged Share Short link for this page: http://gu.com/p/2mznz StumbleUpon reddit Tumblr Digg LinkedIn del.icio.us Facebook Twitter Contact us Contact the Politics editor politics@theguardian.com Report errors or inaccuracies: userhelp@theguardian.com Letters for publication should be sent to: guardian.letters@theguardian.com If you need help using the site: userhelp@theguardian.com Call the main Guardian and Observer switchboard: +44 (0)20 3353 2000 Advertising guide License/buy our content Article history About this article Leaked Labour email urges restraint over phone-hacking scandal This article was published on the Guardian website at 07.31 EST on Wednesday 2 February 2011. It was last modified at 02.31 EDT on Tuesday 20 May 2014. Politics Labour · Ed Miliband Media News of the World · Newspapers & magazines · News UK · National newspapers · Newspapers · Phone hacking · News Corporation · Media business · BSkyB · Television industry · Press intrusion UK news More news More on this story Andy Coulson knew about phone hacking, ex-colleague told MPs Former News of the World executive said ex-editor probably told others to use illegal technique. By James Robinson and Nicholas Watt Ian Katz: Cameron's mysterious dinner with Brooks Standard vs News Corp: the battle develops Dan Sabbagh: News Corp's phone-hacking fightback strategy How NoW stole kiss-and-tell story through phone hacking A year of Andy Coulson's editorship in data Share Tweet this Email Today's best video The Guardian Film Show Critics Xan Brooks, Peter Bradshaw and Henry Barnes review this week's big releases, including Hercules, The Galapagos Affair and Joe A day in the life of a 'Boris' bike London cyclists offer their views on hire bikes and cycling in the capital From Scotland With Love Alexis Petridis recommends King Creosote's soundtrack to a heartfelt film about Scotland Malorie Blackman: my quest for diversity in children's books Children's laureate interviewed by a teenager The Guardian's online dating site Emmacam, 34 bobbydazzler79, 35 Meet someone worth meeting I am a Woman Man Seeking Women Men Men & Women Aged 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 50 51 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 59 60 61 62 63 64 65 66 67 68 69 70 71 72 73 74 75 76 77 78 79 80 81 82 83 84 85 86 87 88 89 90 91 92 93 94 95 96 97 98 99 to 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 50 51 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 59 60 61 62 63 64 65 66 67 68 69 70 71 72 73 74 75 76 77 78 79 80 81 82 83 84 85 86 87 88 89 90 91 92 93 94 95 96 97 98 99 In Rather not say Afghanistan Aland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Virgin Islands Brunei Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Democratic Republic of Congo Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Federated States of Micronesia Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island North Korea Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Occupied Territories Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Islands Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Saint-Barthelemy Saint-Martin Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands South Korea Spain Spratly Islands Sri Lanka St Helena Ascension and Tristan da Cunha St. Lucia Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand The Bahamas The Gambia Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu US Virgin Islands Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Vietnam Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Within 5 miles 10 miles 20 miles 40 miles 60 miles 100 miles 200 miles 300 miles Of Search Media Network Will the 'right to be forgotten' ruling affect candidate background checks? As more recruiters use Google to screen candidates, the recent court ruling may improve people's job prospects Media Network Instagram for brands: eight simple steps to master the platform With brands shying away from the photo-sharing service during the World Cup, here are eight rules for companies to follow More from our Media network Find your MP Find your constituency Aberavon Aberconwy Aberdeen North Aberdeen South Aberdeenshire West and Kincardine Airdrie and Shotts Aldershot Aldridge-Brownhills Altrincham and Sale West Alyn and Deeside Amber Valley Angus Antrim East Antrim North Antrim South Arfon Argyll and Bute Arundel and South Downs Ashfield Ashford Ashton under Lyne Aylesbury Ayr, Carrick and Cumnock Ayrshire Central Ayrshire North and Arran Banbury Banff and Buchan Barking Barnsley Central Barnsley East Barrow and Furness Basildon South and Thurrock East Basildon and Billericay Basingstoke Bassetlaw Bath Batley and Spen Battersea Beaconsfield Beckenham Bedford Bedfordshire Mid Bedfordshire North East Bedfordshire South West Belfast East Belfast North Belfast South Belfast West Bermondsey and Old Southwark Berwick-upon-Tweed Berwickshire, Roxburgh and Selkirk Bethnal Green and Bow Beverley and Holderness Bexhill and Battle Bexleyheath and Crayford Birkenhead Birmingham Edgbaston Birmingham Erdington Birmingham Hall Green Birmingham Hodge Hill Birmingham Ladywood Birmingham Northfield Birmingham Perry Barr Birmingham Selly Oak Birmingham Yardley Bishop Auckland Blackburn Blackley and Broughton Blackpool North and Cleveleys Blackpool South Blaenau Gwent Blaydon Blyth Valley Bognor Regis and Littlehampton Bolsover Bolton North East Bolton South East Bolton West Bootle Boston and Skegness Bosworth Bournemouth East Bournemouth West Bracknell Bradford East Bradford South Bradford West Braintree Brecon and Radnorshire Brent Central Brent North Brentford and Isleworth Brentwood and Ongar Bridgend Bridgwater and Somerset West Brigg and Goole Brighton Kemptown Brighton Pavilion Bristol East Bristol North West Bristol South Bristol West Broadland Bromley and Chislehurst Bromsgrove Broxbourne Broxtowe Buckingham Burnley Burton Bury North Bury South Bury St Edmunds Caerphilly Caithness, Sutherland and Easter Ross Calder Valley Camberwell and Peckham Camborne and Redruth Cambridge Cambridgeshire North East Cambridgeshire North West Cambridgeshire South Cambridgeshire South East Cannock Chase Canterbury Cardiff Central Cardiff North Cardiff South and Penarth Cardiff West Carlisle Carmarthen East and Dinefwr Carmarthen West and Pembrokeshire South Carshalton and Wallington Castle Point Ceredigion Charnwood Chatham and Aylesford Cheadle Chelmsford Chelsea and Fulham Cheltenham Chesham and Amersham Chesterfield Chichester Chingford and Woodford Green Chippenham Chipping Barnet Chorley Christchurch Cities of London and Westminster City of Chester City of Durham Clacton Cleethorpes Clwyd South Clwyd West Coatbridge, Chryston and Bellshill Colchester Colne Valley Congleton Copeland Corby Cornwall North Cornwall South East Cotswold Coventry North East Coventry North West Coventry South Crawley Crewe and Nantwich Croydon Central Croydon North Croydon South Cumbernauld, Kilsyth and Kirkintilloch East Cynon Valley Dagenham and Rainham Darlington Dartford Daventry Delyn Denton and Reddish Derby North Derby South Derbyshire Dales Derbyshire Mid Derbyshire North East Derbyshire South Devizes Devon Central Devon East Devon North Devon South West Devon West and Torridge Dewsbury Don Valley Doncaster Central Doncaster North Dorset Mid and Poole North Dorset North Dorset South Dorset West Dover Down North Down South Dudley North Dudley South Dulwich and West Norwood Dumfries and Galloway Dumfriesshire, Clydesdale and Tweeddale Dunbartonshire East Dunbartonshire West Dundee East Dundee West Dunfermline and Fife West Durham North Durham North West Dwyfor Meirionnydd Ealing Central and Acton Ealing North Ealing Southall Easington East Ham East Kilbride, Strathaven and Lesmahagow East Lothian Eastbourne Eastleigh Eddisbury Edinburgh East Edinburgh North and Leith Edinburgh South Edinburgh South West Edinburgh West Edmonton Ellesmere Port and Neston Elmet and Rothwell Eltham Enfield North Enfield Southgate Epping Forest Epsom and Ewell Erewash Erith and Thamesmead Esher and Walton Exeter Falkirk Fareham Faversham and Kent Mid Feltham and Heston Fermanagh and South Tyrone Fife North East Filton and Bradley Stoke Finchley and Golders Green Folkestone and Hythe Forest of Dean Foyle Fylde Gainsborough Garston and Halewood Gateshead Gedling Gillingham and Rainham Glasgow Central Glasgow East Glasgow North Glasgow North East Glasgow North West Glasgow South Glasgow South West Glenrothes Gloucester Gordon Gosport Gower Grantham and Stamford Gravesham Great Grimsby Great Yarmouth Greenwich and Woolwich Guildford Hackney North and Stoke Newington Hackney South and Shoreditch Halesowen and Rowley Regis Halifax Haltemprice and Howden Halton Hammersmith Hampshire East Hampshire North East Hampshire North West Hampstead and Kilburn Harborough Harlow Harrogate and Knaresborough Harrow East Harrow West Hartlepool Harwich and Essex North Hastings and Rye Havant Hayes and Harlington Hazel Grove Hemel Hempstead Hemsworth Hendon Henley Hereford and Herefordshire South Herefordshire North Hertford and Stortford Hertfordshire North East Hertfordshire South West Hertsmere Hexham Heywood and Middleton High Peak Hitchin and Harpenden Holborn and St Pancras Hornchurch and Upminster Hornsey and Wood Green Horsham Houghton and Sunderland South Hove Huddersfield Hull East Hull North Hull West and Hessle Huntingdon Hyndburn Ilford North Ilford South Inverclyde Inverness, Nairn, Badenoch and Strathspey Ipswich Isle of Wight Islington North Islington South and Finsbury Islwyn Jarrow Keighley Kenilworth and Southam Kensington Kettering Kilmarnock and Loudoun Kingston and Surbiton Kingswood Kirkcaldy and Cowdenbeath Knowsley Lagan Valley Lanark and Hamilton East Lancashire West Lancaster and Fleetwood Leeds Central Leeds East Leeds North East Leeds North West Leeds West Leicester East Leicester South Leicester West Leicestershire North West Leicestershire South Leigh Lewes Lewisham Deptford Lewisham East Lewisham West and Penge Leyton and Wanstead Lichfield Lincoln Linlithgow and Falkirk East Liverpool Riverside Liverpool Walton Liverpool Wavertree Liverpool West Derby Livingston Llanelli Londonderry East Loughborough Louth and Horncastle Ludlow Luton North Luton South Macclesfield Maidenhead Maidstone and The Weald Makerfield Maldon Manchester Central Manchester Gorton Manchester Withington Mansfield Meon Valley Meriden Merthyr Tydfil and Rhymney Middlesbrough Middlesbrough South and Cleveland East Midlothian Milton Keynes North Milton Keynes South Mitcham and Morden Mole Valley Monmouth Montgomeryshire Moray Morecambe and Lunesdale Morley and Outwood Motherwell and Wishaw Na h-Eileanan an Iar Neath New Forest East New Forest West Newark Newbury Newcastle upon Tyne Central Newcastle upon Tyne East Newcastle upon Tyne North Newcastle-under-Lyme Newport East Newport West Newry and Armagh Newton Abbot Norfolk Mid Norfolk North Norfolk North West Norfolk South Norfolk South West Normanton, Pontefract and Castleford Northampton North Northampton South Northamptonshire South Norwich North Norwich South Nottingham East Nottingham North Nottingham South Nuneaton Ochil and Perthshire South Ogmore Old Bexley and Sidcup Oldham East and Saddleworth Oldham West and Royton Orkney and Shetland Orpington Oxford East Oxford West and Abingdon Paisley and Renfrewshire North Paisley and Renfrewshire South Pendle Penistone and Stocksbridge Penrith and The Border Perth and Perthshire North Peterborough Plymouth Moor View Plymouth Sutton and Devonport Pontypridd Poole Poplar and Limehouse Portsmouth North Portsmouth South Preseli Pembrokeshire Preston Pudsey Putney Rayleigh and Wickford Reading East Reading West Redcar Redditch Reigate Renfrewshire East Rhondda Ribble South (South Ribble) Ribble Valley Richmond (Yorks) Richmond Park Rochdale Rochester and Strood Rochford and Southend East Romford Romsey and Southampton North Ross, Skye and Lochaber Rossendale and Darwen Rother Valley Rotherham Rugby Ruislip, Northwood and Pinner Runnymede and Weybridge Rushcliffe Rutherglen and Hamilton West Rutland and Melton Saffron Walden Salford and Eccles Salisbury Scarborough and Whitby Scunthorpe Sedgefield Sefton Central Selby and Ainsty Sevenoaks Sheffield Brightside and Hillsborough Sheffield Central Sheffield Hallam Sheffield Heeley Sheffield South East Sherwood Shipley Shrewsbury and Atcham Shropshire North Sittingbourne and Sheppey Skipton and Ripon Sleaford and North Hykeham Slough Solihull Somerset North Somerset North East Somerton and Frome South Holland and The Deepings South Shields Southampton Itchen Southampton Test Southend West Southport Spelthorne St Albans St Austell and Newquay St Helens North St Helens South and Whiston St Ives Stafford Staffordshire Moorlands Staffordshire South Stalybridge and Hyde Stevenage Stirling Stockport Stockton North Stockton South Stoke-on-Trent Central Stoke-on-Trent North Stoke-on-Trent South Stone Stourbridge Strangford Stratford-on-Avon Streatham Stretford and Urmston Stroud Suffolk Central and Ipswich North Suffolk Coastal Suffolk South Suffolk West Sunderland Central Surrey East Surrey Heath Surrey South West Sussex Mid Sutton Coldfield Sutton and Cheam Swansea East Swansea West Swindon North Swindon South Tamworth Tatton Taunton Deane Telford Tewkesbury Thanet North Thanet South The Wrekin Thirsk and Malton Thornbury and Yate Thurrock Tiverton and Honiton Tonbridge and Malling Tooting Torbay Torfaen Totnes Tottenham Truro and Falmouth Tunbridge Wells Twickenham Tynemouth Tyneside North Tyrone West Ulster Mid Upper Bann Uxbridge and Ruislip South Vale of Clwyd Vale of Glamorgan Vauxhall Wakefield Wallasey Walsall North Walsall South Walthamstow Wansbeck Wantage Warley Warrington North Warrington South Warwick and Leamington Warwickshire North Washington and Sunderland West Watford Waveney Wealden Weaver Vale Wellingborough Wells Welwyn Hatfield Wentworth and Dearne West Bromwich East West Bromwich West West Ham Westminster North Westmorland and Lonsdale Weston-Super-Mare Wigan Wiltshire North Wiltshire South West Wimbledon Winchester Windsor Wirral South Wirral West Witham Witney Woking Wokingham Wolverhampton North East Wolverhampton South East Wolverhampton South West Worcester Worcestershire Mid Worcestershire West Workington Worsley and Eccles South Worthing East and Shoreham Worthing West Wrexham Wycombe Wyre Forest Wyre and Preston North Wythenshawe and Sale East Yeovil Ynys Mon York Central York Outer Yorkshire East Enter an MP's name Enter postcode About this search | Browse the map On Politics Most viewed Latest Last 24 hours 1.  Ed Miliband: if you want a PM who looks good in a photo, don't vote for me 2. Cameron Tees off listeners by confusing them with Tynesiders in radio interview 3. Lib Dem David Ward refuses to apologise for Gaza tweet 4. Ed Miliband calls for Israel and Hamas ceasefire so wounded can get help 5. Ed Miliband's novel speech could flip some of his negatives into positives More most viewed Last 24 hours 1.  Lord Rennard gets Lib Dem apology for botched disciplinary process 2. A great leap forward for Labour 3. Ed Miliband's novel speech could flip some of his negatives into positives 4. Cameron Tees off listeners by confusing them with Tynesiders in radio interview 5. George Osborne: economic growth thanks to hard work of British people – video All today's stories tag setTimeout("cleanUpExtraWeirdLinkCreatedBySomeOtherScriptThatOnlyExistsOnOnePageThatICantFineAwesomesauce()", 1000); setTimeout("cleanUpExtraWeirdLinkCreatedBySomeOtherScriptThatOnlyExistsOnOnePageThatICantFineAwesomesauce()", 2500); Sponsored feature Find the latest jobs in your sector: Arts & heritage Charities Education Environment Government Graduate Health Marketing & PR Media Sales Senior executive Social care Browse all jobs Today in pictures BBC Sports Personality of the Year – in pictures Bradley Wiggins capped his remarkable sporting year by taking home the big prize at the ceremony in London Dinner, dusk and dancing Russians: my best winter shot A glass of wine with a rough sleeper, Santa in trunks, a thousand partying Muscovites … in a My Best Shot special, top photographers pick the image that sums up winter for them Monkey adopts kitten – in pictures Kimon, an eight-year-old pet female long-tailed monkey, treats a kitten as her baby in Bintan Island, Indonesia Hot topics David Cameron Ed Miliband Nick Clegg George Osborne Coalition License/buy our content | Privacy policy | Terms of service | US advertising | A - Z index | About us © 2014 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved. Share Tweet this The link you clicked on is trying to take you to a scam site. Please close your browser and delete the email containing the link. ; '); } // <" + "/script>"; script += "\n "; script += "\nvar pvar = { cid: 'uk-305078h', content: '0', server: 'secure-uk' };"; script += "\nvar feat = { landing_page: 0 };"; script += "\nvar trac = nol_t(pvar, feat);"; script += "\ntrac.record().post();"; script += "\n<" + "/script>"; jQ("#n-analytics-placeholder").writeCapture().replaceWith(script); } ); }
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-1352968/BBCs-Craig-Oliver-Camerons-spin-doctor-Andy-Coulson-phone-hacking-row.html
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists News Home Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Amazon Videos Feedback DailyMail " + now.format("dddd, MMM Do YYYY") + " show ad Palestinians' 'Day of Rage': Israeli undercover police in running street battles with protesters during Friday prayers in Jerusalem Billionaire hedge-funder husband 'blindsides' his wife of 11 years by filing for divorce while she is on vacation with their three children Underpants bomber failed in mission to blow up airliner 'because he wore same pair of underwear for two weeks' 'I trusted God from the first instant. I knew that he would not abandon me': First words of Meriam Ibrahim after dramatic escape from the gallows in Sudan for marrying a Christian Obama hauls Central American leaders to White House to order them to stop immigration flood – but they blame HIM for ‘ambiguous’ policies Obama set to give child immigrants 'refugee status' BEFORE they arrive in the US: White House floats pilot plan for Honduras in attempt to stop border crisis America's favorite burger comes from a chain that you have probably never heard of Horror as Michigan man is mauled to death by two dogs while out jogging after work 'Learn to park s***bag!' Neighborhood vigilante spray-paints rude messages on cars on crowded New York street Harry Potter and the customs officer: Daniel Radcliffe is turned away from US border over visa issues Mother who took kids to controversial church that used naked light therapy ritual to 'cure' drug addictions and yeast infections loses custody rights Raging husband arrested after hanging family dog then setting fire to his house full of cats after row with wife Ten-month-old girl dies after foster dads left her in car for more than TWO HOURS in 95F heat Heads down toilets, faces in the snow and blacked out in the library: Dangerous trend as hundreds of high school and college students post binge-drinking photos to 'pass-out pages' White House senior adviser Dan Pfeiffer says he 'would not discount the possibility' that House Republicans will try to impeach Obama 'Hillary Clinton's college pot use was an open secret', claims author of explosive new book 'Bucket full of heads': Smirking Australian ISIS terrorist poses with decapitated heads in sickening pictures posted online Jihadists 'order four million girls and women in Iraqi city to undergo female genital mutilation' Mom is left shocked after her son leaves his ice cream sandwich in the heat for 12 hours and it does NOT melt Wikipedia bans computers in Congress from editing pages after changes saw Donald Rumsfeld described as a 'Lizard King' The end of the elephant, rhino and polar bear? Experts say sixth mass extinction on Earth has ALREADY begun 'It's like the Hunger Games': Tourist's uncensored dispatches from North Korea, where citizens are force-fed propaganda and brainwashed into worshiping their Supreme Leader 'You've no idea what you're talking about': Fifi Geldof launches expletive-laden attack on critic who called her sister Peaches 'selfish' online Why did police say Peaches' death was 'unexplained'? Force say 'duty of care' to Geldof family was behind decision to withhold details about her death Previous Next BBC journalist appointed as Cameron’s new communications chief after Andy Coulson’s departure By James Chapman Updated: 07:41 EST, 3 February 2011 6 View comments New chief was Head of Output at ITV News from 2002 to 2006 At BBC, he edited News At Ten, News At Six, and 2010 General Election coverage Delighted: Controller of BBC World News Craig Oliver will replace Mr Coulson as Cameron's spin chief A BBC executive has been selected to replace Andy Coulson as David Cameron’s spin chief. Craig Oliver, 41, the controller of BBC global news, was hailed by the Prime Minister as a ‘formidable journalist’. He made his name overhauling the BBC News at Ten and is one of very few television executives to have worked at the BBC, ITV, Channel 4 and Channel 5. Mr Oliver’s appointment – understood to have been engineered chiefly by Mr Coulson – was a surprise, since his name had not featured in the frenzied speculation that has been going on in Westminster since Mr Coulson resigned last month. Former colleagues described Mr Oliver as ‘sharp’ and a ‘workaholic’, though some expressed surprise at the appointment because they said he had previously displayed no obvious political leanings.Educated at a Scottish comprehensive school, he has never been a member of the Conservative Party, and is not expected to become one now. His appointment is an indication of the importance placed by Downing Street on broadcast coverage. As a former editor of the News of the World, Mr Coulson’s background and contacts were chiefly in the newspaper industry. By contrast, Mr Oliver has links to all the major broadcasters. He will be employed as a special adviser and paid £140,000 a year, the same salary as Mr Coulson. Mr Cameron said: ‘Craig has formidable experience as a broadcast journalist. He will do an excellent job in explaining and communicating the Government’s programme.’ Coulson's replacement: Mr Oliver, circled, during a BBC charity event Mr Oliver said: ‘It’s difficult to leave the BBC after a fascinating few years – but this is an opportunity I can’t turn down.’ He is married to BBC news presenter Joanna Gosling, and the couple have three children. Mr Oliver's arrival will herald a series of changes in the Downing Street communications team. Gabby Bertin, Mr Cameron's longstanding press secretary, will be given an enhanced role in briefing the press. His official civil service spokesman, Steve Field, will have greater access to the Prime Minister and also play a more prominent role. BBC business editor Robert Peston said: 'Despite working closely with Craig Oliver for three years, I had no clue about his politics or that he was interested in politics.' The BBC's political editor Nick Robinson, another close colleague, said: 'Unlike Coulson he offers no links to or first hand knowledge of the press and is no Essex Boy but, like him and unlike many on Team Cameron, he went to a comprehensive and has never been a member of or involved in any political party. 'I think he has taken the job for the same reasons as his predecessor. He wants to be able to look back and say that he was more than a mere spectator as history unfolded.' Mr Oliver has three daughters with BBC newsreader wife Joanna Gosling (left): He replaces former News of the World editor Andy Coulson at No10 Share or comment on this article MOST WATCHED NEWS VIDEOS Previous 1 2 3 4 Next Pretty teen Sabina Altynbekova playing volleyball for... Man films 'racist' shop workers following him around store US Marines confront 'fake sergeant major' at funeral Sex on the beach. Moment couple are caught in the act Woman smashes windows of SUV as its being reposessed Outstanding three-year-old drummer leads entire orchestra Woman attempts to get clamped car back by stripping North Korean capital's strange wake up call to residents Australian Mark Fahey films inside a textile factory in... Keep your paws off! Dog protects case of beer Video of alleged shoplifter at Wal-Mart goes viral Workers are seen making shoes in a factory in North Korea Hero doctor stops hospital shooting rampage: Psychiatrist... 'Bucket full of heads any1 in aus want some organs please... Two women found GUILTY of beating newly-wed to death outside... Kazakh volleyball player Sabina Altynbekova so attractive... Pregnant woman in labor was prevented from getting to... Mali's president says wreckage of missing Air Algerie flight... Indian rape suspects lie beaten on the ground, surrounded by... Casey Kasem's body could be kept in Montreal funeral home... Was it a contract killing? Police reveal Harvard-educated... Patient, 56, wakes up from routine circumcision to find his... Male model who took the women's fashion world by storm comes... Mystery 'do-gooder' causes panic by leaving sinister dolls... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments (6) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have been moderated in advance. The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton shows off her famous bikini body in a lilac two-piece as she enjoys relaxing break with pals Famous for her figure 'There's no sex during Ramadan!' Khloe Kardashian reveals she and French Montana are abstaining due to his religious beliefs  Too much information... Looking ace! Martina Navratilova soaks up the sun on the beach with partner Julia Lemigova in St Tropez She's a 59-times Grand Slam champion 'It's affecting her milk production': Kendra Wilkinson's marriage heartbreak is taking a toll on her breastfeeding body Marriage is on the rocks Going well then: A bikini clad Cameron Diaz gets up close and personal with Benji Madden as they holiday on a boat in Cannes A romantic getaway  Nicholas Hoult 'cosies up to' Riley Keough at a party... sparking rumors of another split with Jennifer Lawrence Romancing Lisa Marie Presley's daughter? It's a cougar on a lion! Jennifer Lopez celebrates 45th birthday with bizarre cake at $100K bash The singer fed her 100 guests with a huge cake Getting some practice in! Chelsea Clinton shows off her growing baby bump as she plays with New York kids at 'Princess and Pirates' event 'You quit your job because you don't want to play a gay part?' True Blood actor Nelsan Ellis fuels speculation over Luke Grimes' shock exit Fueled the rumors Jennie Garth hits out at 90210 pal Ian Ziering for hurting Tori Spelling with his 'trainwreck' insult about her show They were all co-stars on the hit '90s TV show Dwyane Wade and Gabrielle Union share backstage selfie at Beyonce and Jay-Z gig (after banning wedding guests from using cameras) 'Pregnant' Zoe Saldana shows a hint of her baby bump in low-cut cream dress as she promotes Guardians Of The Galaxy  Hasn't confirmed news Unseen video footage of Amy Winehouse performing in Canada emerges online... days after the anniversary of her death New unseen footage Always on the go! Eva Longoria grabs a pillow as she dashes from her house after returning from a busy week in Spain Needs her beauty sleep Bad boy Justin Theroux reveals his (very fake) history of crime with hilarious mugshots on Jimmy Kimmel Live Has a sense of humor Charlize Theron meets beau Sean Penn in her native South Africa... as she flashes tell-tale ring amid engagement rumors Are they set to wed? EXCLUSIVE PICTURES Just married! Glee star Naya Rivera wears bridal white and new diamonds as she jets home with husband after surprise wedding Morgan Freeman's voice hits a hilariously high pitch as he sucks on helium-filled balloon with Jimmy Fallon The 77-year-old was lost his famous voice May the Force be with you! Evan Rachel Wood wears Star Wars R2-D2 rucksack strapped to her back on trip to Canada Fan of the franchise High maintenance, much? LeAnn Rimes cries after husband Eddie Cibrian AGREES to turn down Dallas role to keep her happy Star reduced to tears  Game of Thrones' Natalie Dormer shows off her shapely legs in shorts suit as she attends mtvU Fandom Awards with co-star Nikolaj Coster-Waldau PICTURED: Inside Robin Thicke and Paula Patton's $3m former marital home, complete with expansive views and a rustic kitchen Split after 20 years Doing the tourist thing! Jessica Biel checks out the sights of Montreal with her family in grey cap, leather jacket and cropped jeans Dressed down but chic Andreja Pejic (who took the women's fashion world by storm as Andrej) comes out as a transgender woman after sex reassignment surgery Hard at work! Maleficent actress Elle Fanning looks exhausted after grueling gym workout She was hitting the gym hard in Los Angeles 'Excited to be a mentor': Grammy winner Alicia Keys joins The Voice as an adviser for Pharrell Williams' team Her musical prowess has earned her status 'It's a wild idea': Nathan Fielder rebrands realtor to sell only ghost-free homes... and convinces man to give quotes while hooked to LIE DETECTOR SPONSORED 'Wear V-necks, look at the camera more, and smile': Nathan Fielder hires focus group to help make him likeable (but is still called NERD) SPONSORED  First look: Gillian Anderson unveiled as tragic heroine Blanche DuBois in West End production of A Streetcar Named Desire A far cry from The X Files Charisma Carpenter in the Buffy! Former Vampire Slayer actress, 44, shares her 'birthday suit' photo Shared with her 170,000 followers over Twitter Not so Hot Right Now: Rita Ora arrives in New York in eclectic patterned tracksuit and matching sweater The pop singer opted for head-to-toe patterns  Sneak peek at 50 Shades Of Grey... and it's hard to whip up any enthusiasm, writes JAN MOIR  The film trailer has just been released I'm such a cool cat! Kesha wears the same feline print in TWO different outfits on promo tour After speaking out about her stint in rehab Salma Hayek snubs her usual sleek hairstyle for wild curls on shopping trip with her mini-me daughter Valentina Curls gone wild 'Doctors want her to mend fences': Paris Jackson to 're-establish family ties' as she returns to LA... before cosying up to male friend 'I've never done the swirl': Gayle King and Kristin Chenoweth confess that neither of them have had an interracial sexual experience Just heavenly! Katie Holmes looks stunning in an angelic white lace dress that leaves her long legs on show  Stunned in sheer sleeves and ruffles 'You've no idea what you're talking about': Fifi Geldof launches expletive-laden attack on critic who called her sister Peaches 'selfish' online Why did police say Peaches' death was 'unexplained'? Force say fear of upsetting Geldof family was behind decision to withhold details about her death The heat is on! Sofia Vergara and new beau Joe Manganiello put on a very amorous display as they jet into Miami for first vacation together They're inseparable Amber Rose bares her toned midriff in a crop top with skin-tight jeans as she hits the nail salon The model made sure to flaunt what she's got in a T-shirt  Modern Family star Eric Stonestreet turned down photo request from Republican Rick Santorum because of his views on gay marriage  Who needs sweatpants! Kim Kardashian opts for a skintight black dress as she lands at LAX with North after Mexican getaway She's so Fancy! Iggy Azalea follows in footsteps of Cindy Crawford and Karlie Kloss as new host of MTV's House of Style Hired for a new gig Adding to the collection! Rumer Willis shows off her new tattoo while her spoof video reveals she has some other ink a very naughty location Harry Potter and the customs officer: Daniel Radcliffe turned away from immigration over visa issues Stopped by American border guards in Toronto Katy Perry brings down the house and takes selfies with fans from the stage as she brings Prismatic tour to NYC The 29-year-old pop singer rocked out Lovelorn teen asks Taylor Swift for advice... and she replies Swift wrote: 'Unrequited love is just as valid as any other kind. It's just as crushing and thrilling!'  Catching up with the Ramsays! David and Victoria Beckham leave their children at home as they enjoy double dinner date with Gordon and Tana in Malibu Out for a spin! Linda Kozlowski spotted on beach-side bike ride with shirtless male as her divorce from Paul Hogan is finalized Crocodile Dundee star 'Out here hampin': Scott Disick clutches a wine glass as he parties with French Montana... a month after being 'hospitalized' for excessive drinking Family drama! Kim Zolciak deals with her son's fractured fibula and new household help on latest episode of Don't Be Tardy Fights and tears  Thor blimey! Chris Hemsworth looks dapper in grey... while wife Elsa Pataky stuns in embellished sheer dress at Guardians Of The Galaxy UK premiere Hilary Duff sexes up her image in over-the-knee boots and shorts as she marks her official return to music She partied at Marquee in New York City Holiday romance? Selena Gomez holds on to a rose as she and Cara Delevingne land in LA after their whirlwind trip to France She has just turned 22 Make-up free Gisele Bundchen smoulders as she models knitwear for designer Sonia Rykiel in seductive black and white images Head-turning look  Rocking out: Tara Reid hits Linkin Park gig in sexy bandage dress after brief Comic-Con visit Sharknado star was in San Diego Hot mama! Megan Fox flashes her midriff in a sexy futuristic ensemble as she steals the show at a star-studded Comic-Con She's a mother of two Calm before the storm? Tori Spelling puts troubles with Dean McDermott on hold as they enjoy a family day out in Malibu It was a sizzling 86F Sandra Bullock 'ready to leave Los Angeles for good' after terrifying incident with armed stalker Ready to move back to Austin, Texas,  Michael Moore's lavish property empire is revealed in court documents as he and wife of 22 years divorce The filmmaker and wife Kathy called it quits  Dressed down Kristen Stewart jets out of LA ahead of filming for new sci-fi movie... as two rising starlets join the cast In an all-black outfit  Marilyn Monroe has got to go! Model bans herself and her family from buying memorabilia of icon after spending $5,000 funding obsession His heart has gone in a new Direction: Harry Styles is off the market as model Paige Reifler claims she is dating the star Has he settled down? They're kopykats! Kim Kardashian points out that 'style icon' Kanye West wore ski masks long before Beyoncé and Jay Z Posted on Instagram  Rosie Huntington-Whiteley wears spray-on blue metallic jeans to fashion launch party... after posting topless promo shot Model was in London Georgia May Jagger goes bare faced in boho ensemble as she makes a rare appearance with boyfriend Josh in New York City Daughter of Mick Jagger The gap is back! Lara Stone's famous pout is put to work for pal Stella McCartney's new fragrance campaign The Dutch model is the latest face of the scent Spellbinding! Jenna Dewan-Tatum stuns in a monochrome dress as she attends Comic-Con event for Witches Of East End Mrs Channing Tatum     Pregnant Snooki has a roaring good time at Great Gatsby themed bridal shower with Jersey Shore co-stars by her side She is due to marry 'I use sheet masks, eye patches, serums and oxygen facials': Stephanie Seymour, 46, reveals the complicated secrets behind her flawless skin Trying to get more readers, Blake? Lively offers rare glimpse of her Marchesa wedding gown on her new lifestyle site Shared a sneak peek     Does Miranda Kerr REALLY only take 15 minutes to get ready in the morning? Supermodel shares her 'simple' routine Has an alkalizing drink Off-duty beauty! Sports Illustrated model Gigi Hadid swaps her bikinis for striking printed trousers and T-shirt to attend fashion event Star looked radiant  'I was so nervous!' Behati Prinsloo reveals what it is really like backstage at a Victoria's Secret show Model has just married Adam Levine 'I'm so blessed to have my little family!' Teen Mom's Jenelle Evans shares first photos of her sweet baby boy Kaiser Born on June 29  Style in black and white! Irina Shayk leaves red carpet glamour behind but still makes a chic statement as she flies into New York Promoting her new film Anna Paquin vamps it up in a black hat and sunglasses as she celebrates 32nd birthday with shirtless husband Stephen Moyer and his daughter Lilac  This will get the fanboys' attention! Evangeline Lilly shows off her slender legs in orange floral romper at Comic-Con Wore a bright ensemble  A Hard(y) day's work! Tom steps out covered in blood as he shoots scenes for gritty Kray twins biopic Legend Don't worry ladies, it's all fake It's about to get hot in the kitchen! Uma Thurman joins cast of chef movie Adam Jones alongside Bradley Cooper Upcoming comedy  Jessie & Slater together again! Saved By The Bell stars Elizabeth Berkley and Mario Lopez reunite on Extra She wore a skintight black and green dress How's that for a side show? Lea Michele airs out her lacy white bra in a sexy black playsuit while out in NYC with her mom A family day out     Back in court: Bethenny Frankel and Jason Hoppy's bitter divorce proceedings continue as they wrangle over Skinnygirl millions OutKast's Andre 3000 gets colorful in a pink wig and bizarre black jumpsuit as he commands the stage with Big Boi at Splendour In The Grass Dressing like a diva! Hilary Duff steps out in thigh-skimming floral romper before her new single debut at New York nightclub Marquee Re-launching career  He really IS the Kung Fu Panda! Jack Black fights with costumed fans at Comic Con... but it's all just for show Voiced the character in  Kung Fu Panda films Color is overrated! Taylor Schilling and Lucy Liu shine bright in black and white outfits in New York City Forgoing her bright prison jumpsuits Holy ravioli! The original Batman and Robin reunite as Adam West is joined by Burt Ward at Comic-Con in San Diego They're living legends Katharine McPhee shows off her toned figure in floral crop top and matching skirt to plug new series Scorpion at Comic Con New television series  Let it rip! Jaimie Alexander parades her six-pack abs in a white tank top on set of new film Broken Vows with shirtless Wes Bentley Own packaged lunch  Godfather in training! Justin Theroux chats with a heavily pregnant friend while on his way to TV appearance The actor always has time for his friends I pity the fool... who doesn't recognize me! Former A-Team star Mr. T, 62, goes almost unnoticed as he steps out undercover in LA Made a rare appearance  Want to be a 'cool' 50-year-old man? Embrace baldness and wear a good watch - but DON'T wax your chest Experts have revealed the definitive guide  Kate Hudson is gym ready as she displays her pert derriere in tropical print micro shorts during day out with Matt Bellamy and son Bingham Getting her brother  ready for school: Model Shanina Shaik opens up about how growing up in a single-parent family and playing mom gave her strength Oar-some skills! Taylor Swift helps fan to dock boat while wearing HEELS during scenic outing in Central Park Singer wore a stylish summer outfit All hands on deck! Leonardo DiCaprio and his model girlfriend Toni Garrn bask in the sunshine on board a yacht in St Tropez All aboard the love boat Enchanting and intimate home-movie pictures show the British Royal family really DO know how to have fun A charming royal record  Rocking horse to a silver breakfast set: Just some of Prince George's gifts now on display at Buckingham Palace in showcase of royal treasures Day walkers! Vampire Diaries' Claire Holt basks in the sunshine as she enjoys Hollywood lunch date with her handsome beau  Had time off filming His indispensables! Sylvester Stallone, 68, leads his wife and three daughters through LAX whilst wearing sporty attire All-black tracksuit  Hilaria Baldwin spends the day shopping with Carmen... as husband Alec tells judge he won't apologize for disorderly conduct arrest It's been a busy day  Guaranteed drama: Soap actress Eileen Davidson 'is joining The Real Housewives Of Beverly Hills... and being paid $750,000' New girl on the scene Jessa Duggar's strict Christian boyfriend is forced to delete anti-Catholic Facebook rant slamming religion's 'deadly errors' Took down his post Not his Best look: Calum trades his clean-cut style for a hipster vibe as he steps out with huge bushy beard Best shave that off What a way to start the day: David Beckham takes teenage son Brooklyn, 15, to a morning spin class in Los Angeles A serious workout Is there anything she can't do? Robin Wright shows off her impressive dance moves during hilarious skit on Jimmy Fallon Swung her hips on stage They're rockstars! Australian boy band Five Seconds Of Summer soak in the fanfare as they're met by hoards of supporters after hectic day in Hollywood Prince William's bad boy friend Guy Pelly banned from roads for third time after he's found guilty of drink-driving in his $150,000 Audi Soccer hero Tim Howard's new WAG Nora Segura shows off her bikini body while frolicking in the ocean in Malibu Just as athletic as him Is this the answer to perfect fitting plus size jeans? Website to create bespoke denim using exact body measurements Perfect fit for all Bachelor alums engaged! Andi Dorfman's castoff Marcus Grodd 'proposed to Juan Pablo Galavis' ex Lacy Faddoul during new spinoff show' How did she lose the weight so fast? Kristin Cavallari shows off slender figure AGAIN, this time in a mini romper... just 11 weeks after having son Ali Larter styles up her black jumpsuit with pretty pink blazer while promoting new series Legends at Comic Con Tossed in some pink and made outfit sizzle Karolina Kurkova shows her cheeky side while living it up at St. Tropez hot spot Showed off her enviably long and slender legs in micro-shorts 'I've let color into my life again': Kesha says she is looking on the bright side after dark days in rehab for eating disorder A new chapter in her life A life of troubled water: That bitter split with Paul Simon, the suicide of his girlfriend and 10 years living as a virtual recluse. Art Garfunkel on how he survived Blue hair, don't care! Kesha rocks a sheer lacy blouse that exposes her bra and newly colored tresses on The Tonight Show She turned heads  She's hungry for more! Bikini-clad Paris Hilton returns for another wet and wild Carl's Jr advert with swimsuit model Hannah Ferguson Nine years since original Casey Kasem's body could be kept in Montreal funeral home for months and his children may never know where he is to be buried, his family fears Want a Date? Join Match.com Now for Free! more     DON'T MISS Ben Affleck is a brooding superhero in batsuit in new image from Batman V  Superman: Dawn Of Justice  His upcoming role Nice man-icure: Bethenny Frankel's ex Jason Hoppy shows off pink nails on solo stroll That's a new look for for the former husband of Skinnygirl star Cameron Diaz shows off her athletic figure in a mismatched bikini... as Benji Madden keeps covered up at Sardinia beauty spot Romance in Italy Great Scot! Karen Gillan shows off her legs in a striking minidress as she attends the UK premiere of Guardians Of The Galaxy Looked stunning Peek-a-boob! Lily Allen flashes her cleavage and jokes: 'Looking like the next level traffic warden' as she lights up stage in garish yellow catsuit in Australia Kris Jenner keeps herself occupied with trip to Disneyland while her favorite daughter Kim Kardashian lives it up in Mexico Happiest place on Earth Just the two of us! A hippy chic Miranda Kerr gets smothered in kisses by three-year-old son Flynn - who's a spitting image of his dad Orlando Bloom A Jet and an Angel! NFL star Eric Decker snuggles up to supermodel Erin Heatherton as he makes his modelling debut for Buffalo jeans A Herculean giggle: Bulging biceps, bloody battles - and tongue placed firmly in cheek. Hercules is a silly but terrific blockbuster Writes BRIAN VINER  'Getting my cowgirl on!' Gwyneth Paltrow rides a horse as she heads to the mountains of Montana for Goop Ventured outside of her comfort zone Is Luke Skywalker morphing into Obi-Wan Kenobi? Mark Hamill reveals beard he was 'contractually obligated' to grow for new Star Wars film Gimme less? Britney Spears investigates using laser treatment as a quick fix to slim down She has been performing almost around the clock of late  Momma's boy! Alessandra Ambrosio shares kisses with son Noah after landing at LAX with her family The Victoria's Secret Angel was on mom duty Hunger Games Comic-Con poster hints at rebellion to come in upcoming Mockingjay film as fans await release of the trailer The third installment  Wacky with granny! Miley Cyrus dons DIY colorful braids at Hercules film premiere after-party with director's grandmother A wholesome evening Miami heat! Bacary Sagna enjoys an amorous display with stunning wife Ludovine as temperatures soar on their pre-season break Out of this world! Zoe Saldana leads the glamour in striking chiffon gown as she attends the Guardians Of The Galaxy UK premiere She's just like Gisele! Heidi Klum pulls a Bundchen by posing with her glam squad... only this model (wisely) didn't complain Both top models Daddy's little girl! Doting father Peter Andre heads out with fiancée Emily MacDonagh and six-month-old baby Amelia 'My SoulCycle instructor always calls me out for being off beat!' Supermodel Karlie Kloss on spinning, diet and how she gets those rock-hard abs What a way to start the day: David Beckham takes teenage son Brooklyn, 15, to a morning spin class in Los Angeles Father-son bonding Living in two worlds? Hilaria Baldwin asks for peace as she poses in a bikini... while husband Alec is told to apologize for disorderly conduct arrest 'I'd rather pay a fine than apologize': Alec Baldwin told to 'be a good boy and stay out of trouble' by judge as his wrong-way bike case is adjourned 'The most beautiful lil bear': Jennifer Lopez's ex Casper Smart sends her sweet 45th birthday message with photo of cake he gave her 2 years ago Just the ticket! British model Kelly Brook gets a nasty surprise as she returns to her car following day out in LA with fiancé David McIntosh Doting mother Jenna Dewan-Tatum builds sandcastles with little Everly as they wear matching floral at beach in Vancouver Dad is Channing Tatum Molly Sims and Sarah Michelle Gellar dress in bohemian styles on beach playdate with their children Brought their little ones to a party  Shia LaBeouf appears in New York court to charges for 'yelling abuse and slapping actors' behinds during Broadway show' Star at Criminal Court Princess Mary and Prince Frederik dazzle in the sunshine as the Danish royal family retires to the stunning surrounds of their summer palace Dakota Johnson goes topless as she enjoys steamy kiss with Jamie Dornan in full trailer for highly anticipated 50 Shades Of Grey film Watch the trailer here 'It was not romantic': Dakota Johnson and Jamie Dornan talk about their AWKWARD Fifty Shades Of Grey sex scenes in new interview Trailer is released Bruce Springsteen, 64, recreates his own James Bond moment as he flashes his impressive physique while emerging from the sea in Spain First pictures: Kelsey Grammer celebrates the arrival of his sixth child after wife Kayte gives birth to baby boy The couple already has one daughter together 'I would pick the outfits - I got Chanel to send stuff': Mischa Barton claims designer clothing on The O.C. was all thanks to her high fashion connections Jessica Szohr shares cryptic Instagram message after former flame Tommy Chiabra gets close to Selena Gomez in St Tropez Insinuating heartbreak? Mary Poppins is a bitter underpaid worker in hilarious new parody starring Kristen Bell as the magical nanny The 34-year-old actress quits her job in the skit  BIG BANG SPOILER ALERT! Penny to chase the dollar! Leonard's girl next door will give up acting for steady 9-5 job in upcoming season  Played by Kaley Cuoco 'She's thrilled!' Zoe Saldana 'pregnant with twins' amid reports she plans to have a 'big family' with husband Marco Perego It's her first pregnancy First look: Kate Moss dazzles as she stars in short film for best friend Stella McCartney's Winter 2014 campaign Says: 'We're all golden sunflowers inside' Zac's shoes?: Michelle Rodriguez steps out in construction boots that look like Efron's... just days after he was spotted leaving her house Figure-hugging Roland Mouret dresses that won't break the bank! French designer creates capsule collection for Banana Republic Release is on August 7 Yolanda Foster's husband David reveals her ex Mohamed Hadid played cupid and set him up with the RHOBH star Crrent husband is music producer David Foster Leonardo DiCaprio makes a passionate plea to save endangered species as his inaugural Foundation gala raises $25million All for a good cause 'This could actually happen': Tara Reid warns about the real life threat of a Sharknado as she promotes the sequel Posed for a photo shoot What would Mr. Grey say? Dakota Johnson enjoys a passionate kiss with new beau Matthew Hitt while out in NYC Participating in a bit of PDA in the city 'A lawyer you can trust!' Breaking Bad spinoff Better Call Saul erects fake advertisement for law advice Spotted in New Mexico No wonder he can't keep his hands off her! Eddie Murphy's girlfriend Paige Butcher turns heads in skintight bandage dress at Hercules premiere Tamara Ecclestone looks slimmer than ever as she shows off her incredible post-baby bikini body on vacation with daughter Sophia and her husband  Tough day on set? Bradley Cooper gets intense with girlfriend Suki Waterhouse after she visits him while filming Adam Jones Got a little heated  Hard at twerk! UK popstar Cheryl Fernandez-Versini shows she can even twerk upside down in candid video clip Twerk it out Revealed: How golden girl Zoe Saldana almost quit Hollywood after 'disrespectful' treatment on Pirates of the Caribbean set Disrespected on set  Miami heat! French soccer star Bacary Sagna enjoys an amorous display with stunning wife Ludovine as temperatures soar on pre-season break Well hello, Mrs Huebl: Newlywed Olivia Palermo shows off her impressive legs in tropical print shorts for a trek through New York City Natasha Oakley flaunts incredible figure in skimpy beachwear for photo shoot with French actor beau Martin Medus... then covers up for romantic stroll Cameron Diaz shows her athletic physique in a black monokini as she cosies up to boyfriend Benji Madden in Sardinia Couple have been cruising around Europe Lionel Messi's girlfriend Antonella Roccuzzo exposes her toned tum as they kick back on a yacht during family holiday in Capri Argentinian soccer star Lessons in how to be a redhead: The once-bullied sisters who have turned their once-maligned hair color into a booming business Sex And The City star Cynthia Nixon is shocked to find her ancestor murdered her abusive husband with an axe Stunning revelation 'Pray For Peace': Nicole Kidman and Keith Urban press their palms in devotion alongside Sunday Rose and Faith Margaret supporting Reba McEntire's anthem Back on? Kit Harington tries to go incognito with ex-girlfriend and former Game Of Thrones co-star Rose Leslie while at LA airport Stars from HBO series William Shatner trashes Facebook's new celebrities app in searing blog post (and don't mention George Takei) He didn't hold back 'He's done begging and is moving on': Robin Thicke 'insists marriage to Paula Patton is over' and 'an attorney is working on a settlement' Finally taken the hint Meet the lucky guy living the high life with Selena Gomez and Cara Delevingne (after schmoozing with Lindsay Lohan and Jessica Szohr) Selena Gomez and new BFF Cara Delevingne light up Leonardo Dicaprio's Foundation gala in a slinky bronze dress and plunging monochrome suit 'You are GOLD!': Rita Ora turns heads as she matches shiny metallic dress with tinsel-inspired 'do to perform at Blue Balls Festival She's a golden girl Red carpet goddess! Irina Shayk ensures all eyes are on her in a sheer skirt and plunging neckline at the Hercules premiere for her film debut Veteran actor John Malkovich launches scathing attack on the Sydney Opera House, labeling its acoustics as 'hideous' Not a fan of the building  You're stealing one's thunder! The Queen struggles to watch the Commonwealth Games swimming from behind her lady-in-waiting's enormous hat  Why I prefer solo holidays, by Miranda Hart: Comedian says being able to do what she wants is main attraction of traveling alone Selena Gomez swaps her slinky goddess look for prom princess as she rocks two different dresses at the Leonardo Dicaprio Foundation Auction Short but sweet! LeAnn Rimes displays her legs in Daisy Dukes as it's revealed she and Eddie 'told his children about their affair' Appearance on Extra  Mamma mia! Kristin Cavallari looks amazing 11 weeks after giving birth as she reveals her slim frame in a cream knitted top and skirt Reality star in fine form  Chelsea Clinton celebrates her pregnancy with a gluten-free baby shower in upscale Westchester At Crabtree's Kittle House Working up a sweat! Former Spice Girl Geri Halliwell displays her toned legs in tiny shorts and neon pink trainers as enjoys a summer jog She loves to keep fit  Bikini-clad Kim Kardashian reveals baby North has taken 'her first steps' after completing a week of swimming lessons in Mexico Girls' night! Best friends Victoria Beckham and Tana Ramsay head out for a catch-up over dinner in Santa Monica She left David at home 'She's beautiful!' Glee star Mark Salling confirms relationship with Nickelodeon's Denyse Tontz and says he's 'looking forward to making magic' 'My bald head scared people!' Karen Gillan opens up on her dramatic Guardians Of The Galaxy look... but insists she has no regrets Busting the bank! Leah Remini offers to pay for sister's breast enlargement surgery for her birthday in It's All Relative trailer Generous moment Home sweet Holmes! Katie looks overjoyed to be back in New York as she arrives at JFK with Suri after filming in Los Angeles Flashed a warm smile  New lifestyle guru on the block Blake Lively dazzles in Gucci ad as she moves one step closer to stealing Gwyneth Paltrow's crown The Sweet Escape: Gwen Stefani, Gavin Rossdale and their three boys jet out of London after fleeting trip Thought to be heading home to Los Angeles No sibling style rivalry here! Kendall and Kylie Jenner coordinate in rocker chic ensembles as they jet to Dallas As they arrived at Los Angeles International Green, lean and lacy! Toni Garrn steals the show from famous beau Leonardo DiCaprio in a dazzling emerald gown as she arrives at his charity gala Ship ship hooray! Selena Gomez completes her 22nd birthday celebrations as she parties into the early hours with Cara Delevingne Night out in white satin! Salma Hayek cuts a stylish figure in silky white shirt and loose grey trousers for family dinner Joined by her family 'I only met her a couple of weeks ago!' Glee star Naya Rivera's new father-in-law on her surprise wedding to actor Ryan Dorsey She shocked fans too     'More in love today than ever!' The Duggar family shares intimate wedding day snaps for Jim Bob and Michelle's 30th anniversary Shared photo collage  Ivanka Trump ditches her perfect manicure to get her hands dirty with dad at ceremonial groundbreaking of a new luxury Washington D.C. hotel Planning a white wedding? Bride-to-be Lauren Conrad shows off her much lighter locks in new Instagram snap Shocked her fans A dazzling Dynasty: Cara Delevingne catches up with godmother Joan Collins at the Leonardo DiCaprio Foundation gala The ultimate mentor Snoop Dogg smoked weed in the White House: Rapper admits he lit up while in the bathroom Said he 'pretended it was a napkin' What a difference a day makes! Kim Cattrall ditches her scruffy ensemble for glam blue dress and leather jacket for TCA panel She arrived at LAX  German World Cup victor Mario Goetze enjoys a relaxing mud bath with model girlfriend Ann-Kathrin Brommel during pre-season break Into the blue! Eva Longoria's trim figure is hard to miss as she teams vibrant skinnies with metallic wedges and white blouse She's a style icon London calling! Lindsay Lohan looks ready for a night on the tiles as she heads out in an eye-catching little black dress Partying in the UK It's the Common-SELF Games! Now even the Queen is getting in on the act as she photobombs Australian hockey team's selfies (and #sheevensmiled) Racy-ing to the altar! Ashley Tisdale rocks a daring backless cut-out top and tiny denim hotpants as she prepares for her upcoming nuptials Michelle Dockery highlights her slender frame in a navy bodycon dress at Downton Abbey photocall with co-stars Laura Carmichael and Joanne Froggatt Is There Something I Should Know? Duran Duran sue Chicago-based fan club for $40,000, claiming they were not paid proceeds Elizabeth Berkley shows off her toned legs in tiny denim shorts and flip flops as she steps out for lunch with adorable son Sky Low-key day out First look at a gaunt Jake Gyllenhaal in the trailer for Nightcrawler... the movie that he lost 20lbs for Plays a desperate TV crime reporter She's a (crop) top model! Jourdan Dunn puts her lithe figure on display in form-fitting two piece as she leads celebrity arrivals at fashion launch Today's headlines Most Read Israeli undercover police in running street battles with Palestinian 'Day of Rage' protesters during Friday... Billionaire hedge-funder husband 'blindsides' his wife of 11 years by filing for divorce while she is on... Underpants bomber failed in mission to blow up airliner 'because he wore same pair of underwear for two... 'I trusted God from the first instant. I knew that he would not abandon me': First words of Meriam Ibrahim... Obama hauls Central American leaders to White House to order them to stop immigration flood – but they blame... Obama set to give child immigrants refugee status BEFORE they arrive in the US: White House floats pilot... America's favorite burger comes from a chain that you have probably never heard of Michigan man dies after he is attacked by two dogs during after-work jog 'Learn to park s***bag!' Neighborhood vigilante spray paints rude messages on cars on crowded New York... Harry Potter and the customs officer: Daniel Radcliffe is turned away from US border over visa issues Mom who took kids to controversial church that used naked light therapy ritual to 'cure' drug addictions and... Raging husband arrested after hanging family dog then setting fire to his house full of cats after row with... 10-month-old girl dead after foster parents left her inside car for more than TWO HOURS in 95-degree heat Heads down toilets, faces in the snow and blacked out in the library: Dangerous trend as hundreds of high... White House senior adviser Dan Pfeiffer says he 'would not discount the possibility' that House Republicans... Author of explosive new book claims 'Bill Clinton's mistresses and Hillary Clinton's pot use in college was... 'Bucket full of heads any1 in aus want some organs please dont be shy to ask': Smirking Australian terrorist... Jihadists 'order four million girls and women in Iraqi city to undergo female genital mutilation' Mom shocked after son leaves his ice cream sandwich in the heat for 12 hours and it does not melt Wikipedia bans computers in Congress from editing pages after changes saw Donald Rumsfeld described as a... The end of the elephant, rhino and polar bear? Experts say sixth mass extinction on Earth has ALREADY... 'It's like the Hunger Games': Australian tourist's fascinating dispatches from North Korea, where citizens... 'You've no idea what you're talking about': Fifi Geldof launches expletive-laden attack on critic who called... Why did police say Peaches' death was 'unexplained'? Force say 'duty of care' to Geldof family was behind... 'What you doing? Oh no! Oh no!' Mother-of-four 'begged for her life as she was decapitated by female... Ohio State marching band chief is fired for allowing 'sexualized' rituals among members including performing... Michael Moore's lavish property empire is revealed in court documents as he and wife of 22 years divorce Want to repel mosquitoes? There's an APP for that: Phone software mimics the sounds of predators to repel... Oops! Homeowner reveals a little too much when he takes a photo of his bathroom for real estate listing MORE HEADLINES Hero doctor stops hospital shooting rampage: Psychiatrist uses his own gun to shoot patient who killed caseworker in front of him 'Bucket full of heads any1 in aus want some organs please dont be shy to ask': Smirking Australian terrorist poses with decapitated heads in sickening pictures posted online Two women found GUILTY of beating newly-wed to death outside a California nightclub after 'accidental photobomb' incident facing up to 11 years in prison Kazakh volleyball player Sabina Altynbekova so attractive nobody watches the sport anymore Pregnant woman in labor was prevented from getting to hospital across the street for 30 minutes by President Obama's motorcade on way to fundraiser Mali's president says wreckage of missing Air Algerie flight has been spotted in north of country as 116 passengers feared dead Indian rape suspects lie beaten on the ground, surrounded by angry mob after girl, seven, is found hanging from a tree in latest incident to shame country Casey Kasem's body could be kept in Montreal funeral home for months and his children may never know where he is to be buried, his family fears Was it a contract killing? Police reveal Harvard-educated law professor was murdered with point-blank shot to the head inside locked home as they release photo of suspicious Toyota Prius seen nearby Patient, 56, wakes up from routine circumcision to find his penis amputated Male model who took the women's fashion world by storm comes out as a transgender woman after sex reassignment surgery Mystery 'do-gooder' causes panic by leaving sinister dolls resembling REAL young girls outside homes in gated California community Billionaire hedge-funder husband 'blindsides' his wife of 11 years by filing for divorce while she is on vacation with their three children Michael Moore's lavish property empire is revealed in court documents as he and wife of 22 years divorce 'If you think that women are safe on cruise ships, think again': Passengers recount horror stories of rape to Senate 'Mascara from Amsterdam, or if to be precise from the field': Outrage as female 'separatist' posts Instagram selfie wearing 'looted mascara - and boasting about it' 'We did it!' Mom who lost three kids and grandparents in Christmas fire finds love and marries 'It's like the Hunger Games': Australian tourist's fascinating dispatches from North Korea, where citizens are force-fed propaganda and brainwashed into worshipping their Supreme Leader 'What you doing? Oh no! Oh no!' Mother-of-four 'begged for her life as she was decapitated by female neighbour who scattered body parts across two counties' Royal playtime: Enchanting and intimate home-movie pictures show the Windsors really DO know how to have fun How do you solve a problem like Maria? Putin's daughter (whoever she is) said to have fled from Holland with her boyfriend after Dutch fury at Russia's response to MH17 disaster  The wedding crashers: Invitation that went out to the wrong guests becomes internet hit after stranger responds to text with 'We still coming' Royal garden party: Princess Mary and Prince Frederik dazzle in the sunshine as the Danish royal family retires to the stunning surrounds of their summer palace Haven't they suffered enough? Now MH17 victim's wife is forced to cancel his credit cards because they were being USED by thieving pro-Russian rebels Michael Schumacher's devastated wife puts their £12million private jet with his initials on the tail up for sale Jihadists 'order four million girls and women in Iraqi city to undergo female genital mutilation' America's favorite burger comes from a chain that you have probably never heard of 'You've no idea what you're talking about': Fifi Geldof launches expletive-laden attack on critic who called her sister Peaches 'selfish' online Father smirks as he is sentenced to 18 years for fatally beating two-year-old daughter in attack he hoped would make her a lesbian so she would avoid men MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Next story Israeli undercover police in running street battles with Palestinian 'Day of Rage' protesters during Friday prayers in Jerusalem 190 comments 1 video SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Mobile Apps RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network Evening Standard This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Villa Holidays Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us Advertise with us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
http://inside.org.au/the-digger-and-the-dirt/
Subscribe About Current affairs and culture from Australia and beyond Search: Skip to content Correspondents The Digger and the dirt The next casualties of Britain’s phone-hacking controversy could come from the media, politics or the police. But whoever falls next, it probably won’t be good news for the business interests of Australia’s most influential American citizen, writes Frank Bongiorno in London 02 February 2011  Print this article Tags: Britain, Frank Bongiorno, Letter from London, media, News Limited, politics Follow @insidestorymag Above: Rupert Murdoch, whose News of the World is at the centre of the growing phone-hack controversy. Photo: World Economic Forum THEY still call him “the Digger” here in London, more often the “Dirty Digger,” so it just wouldn’t ring true if he were called an American media tycoon. But in that respect, the British are not so very different from Australians. After all, the ABC’s annual Boyer Lectures are, according to its website, an occasion when the board “invites a prominent Australian… to present six radio lectures expressing their thoughts on major social, cultural, scientific or political issues.” Yet the Boyer Lecturer for 2008 was a United States citizen. “I appreciate that many Australians will debate whether I still have the right to call myself one of you,” Rupert Murdoch (almost) apologised. But it is neither the Australian nor the American province of the Murdoch empire that has become the biggest media story in recent weeks – even if the role of the unlovely Fox News in US public life haunts every debate about News Corp’s global power. Rupert was in London last week, having cancelled a plan to attend the latest Davos talkfest (the World Economic Forum). In a rare appearance, he even attended the morning editorial conference of the Times at Wapping. Rupert is here because all is not well. Indeed, all has not been well at the Murdoch rag, the News of the World, for some years. Back in early 2007, the paper’s royal reporter, Clive Goodman, received a four-month gaol term. He and a private investigator, Glenn Mulcaire, who also went to prison for a few months, were found to have intercepted the phone messages of three courtiers in the royal household. Mulcaire was being paid more than £100,000 a year for this dirty work but News Corp maintained that the hacking was an isolated incident, a bad apple in a wholesome barrel. In order to underline just how truly wholesome the News of the World was, its young editor at the time, Andy Coulson – working-class Essex lad made good – announced that the paper would make a large donation to charities nominated by the two princes, William and Harry, whose private affairs were of such intense interest. Coulson subsequently resigned, but was quickly picked up as his director of communications by none other than the opposition leader at the time, David Cameron. Eton Boy evidently believed that Essex Boy would help the Tories reach tabloid-reading types – and, incidentally, that having the former Murdoch lieutenant aboard the Good Ship Cameron would be a very useful line of communication to Rupert and family. Coulson seemed to have done his job well when the Sun, the most popular of the “red tops” – as Britain’s execrable scandal sheets are called – announced in September 2009 that it would be supporting the Tories in the general election. The story that the phone-hacking affair was the work of a “rogue reporter” sounded rather like what the British so evocatively call “bollocks.” But the News of the World and its parent company stood by its convenient fiction; and, unlike the rest of us, it had the finance to give this self-serving version of events some legs. Some of the aggrieved, such as the publicist Max Clifford and the chief executive of the Football Association, Gordon Taylor, reputedly received out-of-court settlements of many hundreds of thousands of pounds. But others refused either to go away or to keep their mouths shut: Sienna Miller, the actress, and Paul Gascoigne, the footballer, are among those suing for invasion of their privacy. Every day brings new claims from people who believe their messages have been hacked, Miller’s stepmother Kelly Hoppen even claiming to have been targeted during the last twelve months. Some estimates now run to between 1000 and 2000 possible victims. Just before Christmas, court documents came to light that blew apart the claim that phone-hacking had been the work of a single rogue. These showed that News of the World’s assistant editor, Ian Edmondson, was also involved. He was suspended; and News International, News Corp’s subsidiary company, belatedly announced an internal enquiry. Edmondson has since been sacked but the private investigator, Mulcaire, has appealed a court decision forcing him to reveal the names of journalists who paid him for his phone-hacking. The scandal has been dripping for years – largely as a result of investigative reporting by the Guardian – and occasionally threatening to turn into the great gush that has now swept so much debris before it. Given Murdoch’s domination of the British media, the exposure of illegal activity by his company’s reporters would be a big story in its own right. A few Labour politicians, a journalist here and there, clearly fantasise about putting Digger himself in the dock, or at least before a parliamentary inquiry. And even if either of those prospects seems rather dim, that the scandal has the potential to do Murdoch considerable damage is now beyond doubt. It has already damaged Cameron and his government. While Coulson took responsibility for the royal phone-hacking by resigning as editor, he has consistently denied that he had any knowledge of what his reporter – or the well-paid private investigator – were up to. Even now, no evidence has come to light that Coulson knew what was happening. But the Guardian cites anonymous sources at the News of the World who claim that Mulcaire was a significant and admired figure at a newspaper notorious for a “whatever it takes” approach to breaking stories. For as long as the tale that this was an isolated case of woeful behaviour by a single journalist was the official version, it was possible for Coulson to argue that he could not really be blamed for what went on. But after it emerged that a senior news editor such as Edmondson was also involved, this position became untenable. When he resigned as Cameron’s director of communications on 21 January, Coulson explained that “when a spokesman needs a spokesman it’s time to move on.” The Guardian clearly regards Coulson as its scalp, and hopes that it will be one among many. But what’s fascinating about this story is that it’s so hard to predict from where those scalps will come: the media, politics or the police. Or perhaps from all of them. That the Metropolitan Police is entangled in this scandal is due in large part to what seems a rather casual attitude to investigating complaints about the phone-tapping. At a time when police have been revealed to be so conscientiously infiltrating peaceful protest groups with undercover agents – young patriots so devoted to the prevention of crime that some were prepared even to have sex with their targets in the line of duty – the Met’s interest in pursuing News of the World seems just a little lackadaisical. Senior executives appear not to have been questioned; complainants were brushed off and told to take up the problems with their phone companies; evidence pointing to the involvement of Edmondson, while apparently available to Sienna Miller’s lawyers and the Guardian, somehow managed to elude Mr Plod. In fact, it has been revealed that police had in their possession evidence pointing to many victims, not the few they claimed existed, as well as to the involvement of journalists other than Goodman. Yet they made no attempt to warn the targets that their phones had been hacked. Nor did they pursue others involved in hacking. The police failed even to follow up the implications of the judge’s summing up in the Mulcaire case. The latter was found guilty not only of having hacked the phones of royal household members, but also of hacking five others. The judge concluded that in these instances, Mulcaire “had not dealt with Goodman but with others at News International.” Yet alarm bells apparently failed to ring at Scotland Yard. On the most benign reading, the matter went into the too-hard basket. Or else someone decided the News of the World and Murdoch were too useful or too powerful to be trifled with, especially when a scapegoat in Goodman had become available. FOR Murdoch’s business interests, the explosion of the scandal is very poorly timed. It comes as News is attempting to persuade the British government that it should be permitted to buy the 61 per cent of the pay-television British Sky Broadcasting Group that it does not already own. This highly profitable company would be a cash-cow for Murdoch but the government needs to be convinced that his ownership of the company would not damage media plurality. Murdoch’s chances of convincing the government appeared to receive a considerable boost before Christmas when the business secretary, Liberal Democrat Vince Cable, was secretly recorded by two women posing as constituents – really reporters from the conservative Daily Telegraph – boasting, “I have declared war on Mr Murdoch and I think we’re going to win.” Murdoch’s bid was still being considered by the regulator Ofcom, but Cable would eventually be the minister responsible for deciding whether to allow it. Having been publicly humiliated, Cable was stripped of responsibility for the matter, which was handed to the Tory culture secretary, Jeremy Hunt. Apparently the government didn’t regard Hunt’s own previous statements sympathetic to Murdoch’s bid as a case of his having pre-judged the issue in the way Cable had with his hostile comments. This turn of events seemed very good for Murdoch. That might have been one reason why the Telegraph itself, which along with several other British media companies was lobbying against Murdoch’s bid, failed to break the story. It published other details of the interview with the two undercover journalists but for some reason neglected to mention Cable’s explosive comments about Murdoch. A disgruntled Telegraph employee, however, leaked them to the BBC, causing some observers to wonder whether, in all the attention given to Cable, two more important stories about the British media had been overlooked. One concerned the low ethical standards of the reporters. The other – and perhaps more serious – turned on the apparent willingness of a newspaper to bury a major story when it conflicted with its commercial interests – although the Telegraph hastened to add that it had intended breaking the story on another day. Hunt has recently issued a public statement that News Corp’s bid for the rest of BSkyB “may operate against the public interest” but he has not referred it to the Competition Commission. Instead, he is seeking undertakings from News Corp that would preserve the independence of the company’s news service, rather as News promised when it acquired the Times back in the early 1980s. The scandals of recent weeks make the Sky issue even more sensitive than it might otherwise have been. It has been revealed that David Cameron had a cosy dinner with at least two of Murdoch’s local lieutenants – son James and Rebekah Brooks – in Oxfordshire over Christmas. At a time when both the BSkyB and phone-hacking controversies were becoming more highly charged and, despite it all, Coulson remained at Number 10, the prime minister’s involvement in this “social” engagement appears astonishingly poor judgement. And as if there were not already enough mines set to explode for these masters of the political and media universe, Sky was also in the headlines this week after two of its football commentators, Andy Gray and Richard Keys, were suspended for making sexist remarks about a female assistant referee. Footage also later came to light showing Gray inviting a female co-presenter to help him place a microphone down the front of his trousers. He was sacked. In the editorial meeting at the Times attended by Murdoch – that’s the same Times whose independence from proprietorial interference was guaranteed in 1981 – the Digger responded to the latest farce by remarking that “this country has lost its sense of humour.” When someone pointed out that Sky had sacked Gray, Murdoch replied, “There are other reasons for sacking Andy Gray.” These “other reasons,” News Corp representatives later explained, were the microphone incident. Their sensitivity to any possible misunderstanding is entirely understandable. Gray is suing the News of the World over the alleged hacking of his phone. • Frank Bongiorno teaches in the Menzies Centre for Australian Studies at King’s College London. Share this email   facebook   twitter   plusone   pinterest   linkedin   reddit   stumbleupon   Related articles Election 2013: The view from up above How would you like your revolution? Labour’s leadership marathon reaches Manchester In defence of rorting Of tinnies and sheilas Race to the top Europe’s, and Britain’s, populist moment On trial for hacking: the story so far A politics out of time I get by with a little help from my friends Follow Inside Story Follow @insidestorymag Subscribe to Inside Story’s free weekly newsletter Just enter your email address below, and make sure you click the confirmation link when you receive an automatic email from us: RSS: all posts RSS: all comments Send a comment to Inside Story or leave a trackback: Trackback URL. Send us a comment We welcome contributions about the issues covered in articles in Inside Story. We ask contributors to provide their full name for publication, but if for any reason you need to use a pseudonym please submit your comment to us via email. Because all comments are moderated, they will not appear immediately. Your email address is never published or shared. Required fields are marked *. Full name * Email * Website Comment HOME About Subscribe Categories Essays & reportage Politics & policy Media, books and the arts World briefing Correspondents Podcasts Recent articles The illusionist’s trick China wakes, Asia quakes, Australia shivers Glasgow’s race for gold Germany on song How reactive law-making will limit the accountability of ASIO Different diagnoses, different cures Virtuous cycling on the job The gutting of Radio Australia The rise and fall of Labor’s first party professional China’s Godfather? Britain’s Great War: traps of memory And the rest say “no” Too much talked of sin, too little of virtue Back to the future with antibiotic resistance How Europe’s parties outfoxed the Union Topics Asia Asylum seekers Books Britain Child care China Cinema Climate change East Asia Economics Education Elections Environment Fiction Foreign affairs Health History Human rights Indigenous affairs Internet Labor Party Law Liberal Party Media policy Music National Party New Zealand Pacific Politics Refugees Rural Schools South Asia Southeast Asia Television United States Latest featured articles China wakes, Asia quakes, Australia shivers 25 July 2014 A contest is under way, writes Graeme Dobell, but it will be more like a nineteenth-century battle than a twentieth-century clash Germany on song Germany and its football team have evolved in tandem over the past six-and-a-half decades. Klaus Neumann traces the story from the 1954 “Miracle of Bern” to this month’s World Cup win Powered by WordPress | Theme by UpstartBlogger | Tweaked by Inside Story | Fine-tuned by Alister Cameron | ISSN 1837-0497 | Copyright © 2014 by Inside Story and contributors.
http://gawker.com/5750241/every-famous-british-person-to-sue-tabloid-over-phone-hacking
Follow Gawker Unfollow Gawker Related blogs Valleywag Defamer Dog Morning After The Vane Blogs you may like Deadspin Gawker Gizmodo io9 Jalopnik Jezebel Kotaku Lifehacker Trending on Related Blogs Stephen A. Smith Doubles Down On Domestic Violence Comments 3k people reading on Deadspin First Take Discusses A Woman's Responsibility To Avoid Being Beaten 3k people reading on Deadspin 21 Books That Changed Science Fiction And Fantasy Forever 2.9k people reading on io9 Recommended by Hamilton Nolan Zen Koans Explained: "Reciting Sutras" Decks Are Out, Porches Are In As Amazon Struggles, More Insiders Speak No Big Deal But We're Not Ready for The Next Nuclear Disaster A DC taxi driver has reached a $5,500 settlement with the city afte... How Are Airlines Making So Much Money? "Confronted with reports villages near Uranium Corp. of India Ltd.'... "Indian" Food, or Another Scam Perpetrated on Sam Biddle? ATTENTION, TWEEPS Barack Obama's Gangster "Drive-By" on Innocent Pregnant American Woman Are Prisons Feminist? What's The Matter With CrossFit? Thirteen New Yorkers tell in their own words why they chose to atte... ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ Study: Tylenol Is Useless for Back Pain THE GAWKER OFFICE CAN'T STOP GIGGLING OVER THIS VINE Israel Should Be in Germany The DC Police Invent Crimes to Arrest "Likely" Criminals The unidentified Mercedes-driving grey-haired middle-aged Californi... Gawker Follow Gawker Unfollow Gawker Related blogs Valleywag Defamer Dog Morning After The Vane Blogs you may like Deadspin Gawker Gizmodo io9 Jalopnik Jezebel Kotaku Lifehacker In 5 seconds, click here to continue reading... Every Famous British Person to Sue Tabloid Over Phone Hacking 6,389 Hamilton Nolan Profile Follow Unfollow Hamilton Nolan Filed to: Scandals Tabloids news of the world Uk News Corp Media journalismism Lawsuits Tweetg Fb 2/02/11 4:32pm 2/02/11 4:32pm Edit Delete Invite Invite manually Promote XDismissXUndismiss Block for Gawker Hide Share to Kinja Share to Facebook Share to Twitter Go to permalink '; s += ' '; s += ' Ads by Google ' + ' ' + ' ' +google_ads[0].line1 + ' ' + google_ads[0].line2 + ' ' + google_ads[0].line3 + ' ' + ' ' + google_ads[0].visible_url + ' '; if (google_ads.length == 2) { /* the XML parser chokes on a for loop, so we have to do it explicitly */ s += ' ' + ' ' + google_ads[1].line1 + ' ' + google_ads[1].line2 + ' ' + google_ads[1].line3 + ' ' + ' ' + google_ads[1].visible_url + ' '; } s += ' It's become fairly apparent that Rupert Murdoch's UK tabloid News of the World used to hack into people's phones on a regular basis in order to get stories. But nobody wants to take the blame! Instead, we get endless lawsuits. Phone Hacking at Murdoch's Tabloid Was Widespread, UnapologeticPhone Hacking at Murdoch's Tabloid Was Widespread, UnapologeticPhone Hacking at Murdoch's Tabloid Was Widespr Four years ago, Rupert Murdoch-owned UK tabloid The News of the World got caught hacking the…Read moreRead on Just this month, former NOTW editor Andy Coulson resigned as David Cameron's communications chief due to this very scandal. Though he still maintains his innocence! And since no one from Rupert Murdoch on down is willing to stand up and acknowledge what went on, the people whose phones were hacked will just keep on suing, forever. From the NYT today: News Corp Phone Hacking Scandal Takes Down David Cameron's FlackNews Corp Phone Hacking Scandal Takes Down David Cameron's FlackNews Corp Phone Hacking Scandal Takes Down David C Andy Coulson, the former editor of shameless News Corp-owned British tabloid News of the World,…Read moreRead on [Nicola Phillips, press agent for a lady who sexed up Ralph Fiennes]'s lawsuit is just one of many. Among the celebrities suing or considering suing are Ms. Miller; her stepmother, the interior designer Kelly Hoppen; the actor Steve Coogan; a sports agent named Skylet Andrew; and Chris Tarrant, the host of Britain's "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire." At least a half-dozen more public figures have consulted lawyers and are said to be preparing suits. By the time all these lawsuits are settled Rupert Murdoch will have long ago turned to dust, which is the idea. [NYT] 30 Reply 30 Discuss Discussions from People followed by Hamilton Nolan Hamilton Nolan’s Discussions Popular Discussion All replies Show all threads Hosts of other popular chats Respond to Hamilton Nolan and keep the discussion going... View Popular Discussion View all 30 replies About Help Terms of Use Privacy Advertising Permissions Content Guidelines RSS Jobs
http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-12336047
')}; })(); /**/ For a better experience on your device, try our mobile site. Cookies on the BBC website We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. We also use cookies to ensure we show you advertising that is relevant to you. If you continue without changing your settings, we'll assume that you are happy to receive all cookies on the BBC website. However, if you would like to, you can change your cookie settings at any time. Continue Find out more Accessibility links Skip to content Skip to local navigation Accessibility Help BBC iD BBC iD Settings Sign out BBC navigation News Sport Weather iPlayer TV Radio More… Search term: Politics Home World UK England N. Ireland Scotland Wales Business Politics Health Education Sci/Environment Technology Entertainment & Arts UK newspaper ethics and call for statutory body Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play. 1 February 2011 Last updated at 13:23 Help The UK press has been criticised for some tactics over phone hacking, leaks and undercover stings - but is it time for standards to be enforced with a statutory body? Giles Dilnot spoke to Austin Mitchell, the MP and former journalist, Guardian Columnist Simon Jenkins and Sarah Lyall, New York Times London Correspondent who explains why British practices would not be acceptable in the US. More from the DAILY POLITICS Twitter with the DAILY POLITICS Read More Coulson leaves Downing Street job Share this page Delicious Digg Facebook reddit StumbleUpon Twitter Email Print Most watched/listened Play Gaza baby delivered from dead mother Play Illegal child migration to US soars Play Gillan denies Star Wars wig claims Play Left behind in 'dead' Ukraine city Play Mark Hamill on new Star Wars Play Video shows Algeria plane crash site Play Liverpool welcomes WW1 giant puppets Play BBC News Channel Play Honour for 101-year-old weatherman Play Madrid fans' joy at Rodriguez signing Play Hamas leader: 'Bloodshed should end' Play Lloyd Webber: Music comps are 'a fix' Play Israel 'knew building was UN shelter' Play Dutch PM: 'Polite' talk with Putin UK Watch Gillan denies Star Wars wig claims Watch Putting a new spin on bowls, aged six Watch Mother admits to killing her son Watch 'Flying' car destroys upstairs wall Watch NHS to offer one-shot cancer therapy World Watch Violence in CAR after ceasefire agreed Watch Sloviansk: Going back to ruined house Watch Moment Isis blew up Iraq shrine Watch Honour for 101-year-old weatherman Watch Is Ramadan too commercial? Science & Technology Watch Seals 'stressed' by warming seas Watch Drones homing in on wildlife poachers Watch How to build and fly your own drone Watch A TV world without personality? Watch Could you beat Usain Bolt in a race? Business Watch 'Passion' is the key to good blogging Watch Senegal farmers get cow tracker tech Watch Can Tunisia stamp out smuggling? Watch Osborne: GDP figures 'major milestone' Watch The toughest cop on Wall Street Politics Watch UK 'disappointed' no Gaza ceasefire Watch PM faces Russia links questions Watch 'No arms sent to Russian forces' Watch Ward defends tweet ahead of apology Listen Trojan Horse report 'politically biased' Entertainment Watch Film Review - the week's new films Listen Lloyd Webber: Music comps are 'a fix' Watch Tony Blackburn: 50 years on air Watch Liverpool crowds greet giant puppets Watch Stars out for Guardians of Galaxy Health Watch Yoga all at sea Watch Water ATMs bring clean water to Delhi Listen Shift work 'increases diabetes risk' Watch Clue to antibiotic resistance spread Listen Gay man had shocks on NHS as 'cure' Services  Mobile  Connected TV  News feeds  Alerts  E-mail news About BBC News Editors' blog BBC College of Journalism News sources Editorial Guidelines BBC links Mobile site Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Accessibility Help Cookies Contact the BBC Parental Guidance BBC © 2014 The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read more. This page is best viewed in an up-to-date web browser with style sheets (CSS) enabled. While you will be able to view the content of this page in your current browser, you will not be able to get the full visual experience. Please consider upgrading your browser software or enabling style sheets (CSS) if you are able to do so. More… Full A-Z of BBC sites CBBC CBeebies Comedy Food History Learning Music Science Nature Local Travel News
