http://www.bbc.co.uk/caribbean/news/story/2011/01/110126_bbc_cuts_announcement.shtml
Home News Sport Radio TV Weather Languages Archive REGIONS Latin America & Caribbean Africa Asia-Pacific Europe Middle East South Asia --------------- RELATED SITES   NEWS   SPORT   WEATHER     Last updated: 04 February, 2011 - Published 13:59 GMT   Email a friend   Printable version BBC Caribbean final programmes in March   BBC Caribbean Service is to end its broadcasts on March 25. This follows a decision by BBC World Service as part of cuts which will amount to over 600 jobs. Other services being closed are the Albanian, Macedonian, Serbian, and Portuguese for Africa broadcasts. A BBC press release said the closures were part of its response to a cut to its Grant-in-Aid funding from the UK's Foreign & Commonwealth Office (FCO). BBC World Service closures Division and audience Caribbean Service-850,000 Portuguese for Africa-1,500,000 Serbian-550,000 Albanian-510,000 Macedonian-160,000 The final week of broadcasting by the Caribbean Service will include a regional call-in and discussion programme looking at the future of pan-Caribbean news and current affairs. The last editions of the morning and evening drivetime editions of BBC Caribbean Report and BBC Caribbean Magazine will be aired on March 25. Rationale Other cuts are being made in remaining World Service departments as part of the budget exercise. The cuts are part of a BBC World Service restructure in order to meet a 16% savings target announced in the Government's Spending Review of 20 October last year. BBC Global News Director Peter Horrocks said: "These closures are not a reflection on the performance of individual services or programmes. They are all extremely important to their audiences and to the BBC. "It is simply that there is a need to make savings due to the scale of the cuts to the World Service's Grant-in-Aid funding from the UK's Foreign & Commonwealth Office and we need to focus our efforts in the languages where there is the greatest need and where we have the strongest impact." Controller, Languages at BBC World Service, Liliane Landor described BBC Caribbean as: "The Caribbean Service, one of the oldest and most distinguished services that the BBC has provided in English." Profile The Caribbean Service transmissions are used on 48 partner stations across the English, Spanish, and Dutch Caribbean and as part of the Caribbean stream on four FM relays in Jamaica, Trinidad, Barbados, and Antigua-Barbuda. Listening in the Caribbean Its flagship programmes are BBC Caribbean Report - morning and evening drivetime editions. The cultural programme BBC Caribbean Magazine has reflected the human side of the news as well as reporting on the region's music and literature. And BBC Sports Caribbean is provided by World Service for the Caribbean programme stream. Programmes The website www.bbccaribbean.com receives its biggest page impressions from the Caribbean diaspora in the US, Canada, and the UK. History The early roots of the Caribbean Service began in 1939. The programme Calling the West Indies featured West Indian troops on active service during World War Two to read letters on air to their families back home. From 1943 to 1958, the programme became Caribbean Voices which highlighted West Indian writers. During this period, new writers, including VS Naipaul, George Lamming, Andrew Salkey and Samuel Selvon worked and produced their first works. In 1949, the segment We see Britain was introduced as part of the programming for the Caribbean under the management of cricketer-turned-producer Ken Ablack. The Service went on for the next three decades nurturing the talents of producers and presenters such as Louise Bennett, Jones P Madeira, and Trevor MacDonald. The Service was closed in the mid 1970s with Caribbean Magazine remaining on air, produced by a separate BBC department. It was re-opened in 1988 as a news and current affairs department, later taking over Caribbean Magazine as part of the Caribbean stream of programming for the Caribbean. Its opening presentation team were Hugh Crosskill, Jerry Timmins, and Pat Whitehorne. Current BBC Caribbean Service team Debbie Ransome, Head of BBC Caribbean Service said: "After one of our best years ever editorially, this has been a great blow for the team here." "Given what we know BBC Caribbean means for providing pan-Caribbean coverage for a strong radio audience, plus the online links it provides between the Caribbean and its diaspora, and the amount of goodwill it brought for the BBC from a loyal audience, clearly a void will be left." YOUR COMMENTS The decision to discontinue the BBC Caribbean Service is incredibly sad, short-sighted, and misguided. The service was incredibly popular and filled a great need for the Caribbean audience to have a view of the world not provided by local radio stations. As David Rudder says just one more bit of evidence that the world doesn't seem to need islands any more! Jacqueline Sharpe Port of Spain, Trinidad and Tobago I will miss our Caribbean BBC. I have lived in Guyana and remember listening to the radio growing up this was our only news contacts for years and years. Now I have BBC Caribbean as my internet home page and enjoy reading and listening to news. I wish we could all tell you how important your news is to us. I wish you could stay with us. Especially important to us who travel around once we have Caribbean Report and BBC news we feel we are always "at home" where ever home may be. Thank You! Margaret Mew Georgetown, Guyana Hearing your voice on the phone last year re the interview was like hearing from an old family friend - which you are, to the many people who listen to your programmes. To not hear it any more, well, I am truly sorry. Without your one-stop cohesive and comprehensive Caribbean service, our islands will (once more) drift in the noise and confusion of a lack of proper enunciation and pronunciation. Suelin, Grenada I will miss our Caribbean BBC. I have lived in Guyana and remember listening to the radio growing up this was our only news contacts for years and years. Now I have BBC Caribbean as my internet home page and enjoy reading and listening to news. I wish we could all tell you how important your news is to us. I wish you could stay with us. Especially important to us who travel around once we have Caribbean Report and BBC news we feel we are always "at home" where ever home may be. Thank You! Margaret Mew Georgetown, Guyana I'd like to add my name to those offering "sympathy and support" and wish you all the best for the future. Some years ago you were kind enough to invite me to meet Sir Viv Richards, Gordon Greenidge and Wes Hall at your offices. Coming face to face with some of my boyhood heroes was an experience I will never forget - it was a genuine privilege and for that, I thank you. Paul, BBC The BBC World Service is one of the most reputable radio services in the World and the Caribbean service in particular is incredibly popular in that region. It is clear to see that this will be a big loss for the BBC and Britain as a whole. People will lose out culturally, the BBC’s reputation in the world will be sorely diminished, audiences will fall dramatically and most importantly people will be denied a service that is simply not available to them locally. BBC staff have been rocked by today’s news and rightly so, as despite the £42m saving to be made they realise that in the long run the cost of running the service is far outweighed by its benefits. The Government simply must change its mind on this issue. Diane Abbott MP for Hackney North and Stoke Newington We're all very saddened to hear that BBC Caribbean has been cut. Here at ARCHIVE, we have time and again turned to BBC Caribbean for the latest news not least for our work in Haiti. The cuts in the Caribbean service will be strongly felt, and you will be sorely missed. Archive - Architecture for Health in vulunerable environments Some things have no monetary value but I am sure that I am not the only person the BBC’s service has impacted, so I implore those in charge to reconsider. As a 240lbs Jamaican man, I feel quite silly typing with tears in my eyes over the possible closure of the service, but it symbolizes so much to so many and with all that the world has lost I feel we must fight to hold on to some things, let this be one of them. The BVI has a population of 70% expatriates, and the BBC is the beacon we turn to keep us informed. I, like so many I’m sure, am prepared and willing to pay a fee for the BBC to remain. I also implore regional governments to step up, if you want citizens to be educated and informed about what our Caribbean brothers and sisters are doing, please step forward. I will not standby and watch this giant figure in my life pass away, how can we help? Darvin Jackson Road Town, Tortola BVI Please allow your listeners to have at least one broadcast to thank you guys for the great work that has been done over the years. May God bless all of you. Edward Browne, US Virgin Islands I am writing asking to please keep BBC Caribbean. We own a house in Grenada and must get current news, both while we are in the US and in the West Indies. This is our best source of news that covers the Carribean. I was shocked when I read about the proposed cut! Robert and Sorrel Dod Roseburg, USA I know BBC Caribbean Report will be sorely missed here in the US Virgin Islands where, to this day, we still don't have a strong television network for general consumption. Either you get broadcast, if your signal will allow it where you live, or your get cable (if you're financially able), or you get the one public tv channel we have (which does not have a daily news report). And given the number of folks living here who hail from parts of the Eastern Caribbean, bbc is very well regarded. Judith Schimel, US Virgin Islands I am profoundly saddened at the news that the BBC Caribbean Service is another casualty of budget cuts. I'm unable to find the words to express my disappointment and I'm sure it's not any easier for the men and women who have made the service the premier news provider throughout the Caribbean. One of my goals have been to work side by side with the Caribbean team, which comprises of some of the best minds in the media profession. My heart goes out to all of us and I wish you all the very best in your endeaveours, which I anticipate will be very productive given the experience gained through the BBC. Bertille Maloney St Vincent and the Grenadines This is sad. BBC Caribbean is the biggest thing around. People make it a point of duty to listen to BBC Caribbean especially the evening edition. BBC should have done a survey or allow radio stations to raise the issues on their talk show to see if that would change the heart of those in charge. Right now we people have to return to VOA. I still do not quite understand this. Imagine when the politicians know they say certain things at press conferences they themselves make an effort to listen to BBC Caribbean Report because they know some of what they said would make it on BBC Caribbean. I think too that some more time should be spent on one of the evening programmes explaining the whole thing to people so they can get a clear understanding of what is going on. I also think that an opportunity should be given to the people of the region to say thanks or what they thought of the service over the past several years. That could be done on an interactive program or via telephone interviews and have it as part of the evening's edition for at the least a week. You can't leave like that without allowing the region to say thanks. I hope not. I'm really sad but if that's the way things have to be then we do not have a choice. I must say that the service was very good. I always urged my staff to listen to the BBC Caribbean in order to sharpen their reading, writing and presentation skills. I have no doubt that the BBC has not only made my reporters more professional but others in the region. You have served as a broadcast school for us at Kairi and for this we are very grateful. Thanks again BBC Caribbean, we will miss you Steve Vidal Kairi FM, Dominica It came as a shock to me last evening when I heard on the Caribbean Report that the BBC Caribbean Service will be closing down. I had to replay the recording to be sure what I had just heard. This equates to the loss of a very close and dear aunt or uncle. This is a massive loss and a huge void to fill. Thanks so much for the wonderful work of informing, educating and entertaining us all in the Caribbean. You all are heroes and real role models. Thanks a million, my dear friends and colleagues. Always remember God is in control and He will help you weather the storm. God bless. Kind regards, Paul Charles As a Caribbean born person living in the UK I really depend on BBC Caribbean to stay in touch with what is going on in that part of the world. I hope the BBC reconsiders closing this very good service as it benefits both the Caribbean and latin America. Jason Raymond London The Association of Caribbean Media Workers (ACM) is saddened by the announcement by the British Broadcasting Corporation that its popular Caribbean Service is to be closed. The Caribbean Service's journalists and producers deserve the highest commendation. They also deserve the unequivocal assurance that their names - household names for thousands of Caribbean people - will not be lost to regional broadcasting. While the ACM applauds the sterling work of its colleagues in London, it has long believed that only a truly Caribbean institution that is to the region what the BBC has been to the world can be a vital part of the communications mix in a Caribbean single economy and a Caribbean single marketplace of ideas. The Caribbean needs a distinctive service of high quality news and information that is collected, distilled and explained by some of its veteran journalists, not a hodge-podge of duplicated copy from national media houses. Let it not be said that in a moment of adversity, the Caribbean media failed to shed considerations of parochialism and profit to create a trustworthy source of Caribbean news and information. Association of Caribbean MediaWorkers Full statement I have just heard the news of the cuts to the BBC World Service and am terribly upset to hear that the BBC Caribbean Service is to be cut. Here in Barbados we have ONE television channel with an incredibly poor news service, and unless people can afford to pay for the American influenced cable tv they have NO access to international news or programmes. We have only quite recently started to be able to pick up a dedicated World service radio channel on 92.1FM here in Barbados, and it has been a joy beyond all words to listen to. Does this mean that this radio station will now end for Barbados and similarly Jamaica, Trinidad and Antigua or do these cuts only affect the short world news reports that we hear on a few of the other local radio stations such as BBS and VOB? I am praying these services won't be cut. PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE. This new radio station has been an absolute God send for people in Barbados. Thank you and kind regards, Melanie Watson St. Michael, Barbados It's sad when the Caribbean is about to go through a rough period in its history K Baksh I value every aspect of the world service, and have done since moving to Singapore 13 years ago. Why doesn't the BBC ask overseas listeners to pay a fee for certain services to help support the services effected by these cuts. The news services should be continued to be enjoyed around the world. After all when I'm in the UK I would pay the license fee - I wouldn't hesitate in paying a fee to continue access. It seems illogical to cut before even asking the question - can you support? John Bishop, Nassau, Bahamas     A challenge Sir Ronald Sanders: a need now for more, not less, regional information.     End of service Caribbean Council's David Jessop on the closure of BBC Caribbean     Lifeline award A BBC lifeline programme for post-quake Haiti wins global award     Tivoli explained A snapshot of the long term tensions behind the Tivoli Gardens area     Gregory Isaacs Your tributes to reggae veteran Gregory Isaacs during the week     Tent Tales An indepth look at life in Haiti's 'tent cities' one year after the earthquake     LOCAL LINKS Association of Caribbean Media Workers statement 28 January, 2011 | News Caribbean Service ... incredibly popular in that region. 31 January, 2011 | News BBC World Service cuts outlined to staff News EXTERNAL LINKS Trinidad Guardian Jamaica Observer editorial BBC Press Office The Telegraph The BBC is not responsible for the content of external internet sites SEE ALSO Archive Archive Archive Archive     Email a friend   Printable version       BBC ©   ^^ Back to top     Archive     BBC News >> | BBC Sport >> | BBC Weather >> | BBC World Service >> | BBC Languages >>   <\/scr'+'ipt>'; } else { _rsCL=''; } document.write(_rsCL); //
http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-lancashire-12384248
')}; })(); /**/ For a better experience on your device, try our mobile site. Cookies on the BBC website We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. We also use cookies to ensure we show you advertising that is relevant to you. If you continue without changing your settings, we'll assume that you are happy to receive all cookies on the BBC website. However, if you would like to, you can change your cookie settings at any time. Continue Find out more Accessibility links Skip to content Skip to local navigation Accessibility Help BBC iD BBC iD Settings Sign out BBC navigation News Sport Weather iPlayer TV Radio More… Search term: Lancashire Home World UK England N. Ireland Scotland Wales Business Politics Health Education Sci/Environment Technology Entertainment & Arts 7 February 2011 Last updated at 20:40 Share this page Delicious Digg Facebook reddit StumbleUpon Twitter Email Print Blackburn council confirms 1,000 job cuts The cuts will be given the final green light by councillors on Thursday Continue reading the main story Related Stories Job loss threat for 1,700 workers Council outlines £179m cuts plan Eight top jobs to go at council About 1,000 jobs are to go at Blackburn with Darwen Council after a £25m budget cut was revealed by councillors. About 500 people are expected to go in the next few months and all vacant posts are being deleted. The authority also revealed a list of public services and facilities that would be cut in light of its grant settlement from the government. Councillor Kate Hollern, leader of the Labour-run authority, said all services were "sharing the pain". The council said it wanted to make necessary savings whilst maintaining statutory services and protecting frontline services. Its reorganisation of services will reduce the workforce by about a quarter. "The speed and depth of these cuts mean we are forced to consider reducing, changing or in some cases stopping what council staff provide for the people of our two towns," said Mrs Hollern. "All service areas are sharing the pain. Back office/support functions were looked at first but even the frontline services we know are so needed can't be fully protected. Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play. Leader Kate Hollern said the idea the private sector would pick up the slack was "nonsense" "If services go then so do staff but we want to keep redundancies to a minimum. "We know all too well that adding to our already high unemployment rates will hurt individuals, families and the local economy." Trade unions have been notified and the council has entered a 90-day consultation process about the job losses. Unison representative Gareth Roscoe echoed council criticism of the government and said David Cameron's big society plan was unlikely to work in Blackburn. "It might be true in the leafy suburbs of the south of England that if there are cuts to council budgets that the private and third sector can make it up - but I can't see that happening here," he said. Among the cuts being made are: Increased charges for burials and cremations Reduction in specialist services for children Closure of four bowling greens and 20 play areas Subsidy withdrawn and reduced from 16 bus services Closure of three of five adult day care centres Reduction in early intervention services including domestic abuse, drugs and alcohol Cuts of at least 35% to finance, legal, human resources, IT, policy and communications and property services The authority previously warned that up to 1,700 jobs could be cut, but the figures have been revised in the final plans. 'Fair settlement' In a statement, a Department for Communities and Local Government spokesman described the council's grant settlement as "tough but fair". "The settlement is fair between different parts of the country - north and south, rural and urban, metropolitan and shire," he said. "In calculating the settlement ministers have ensured that formula grant funding per head is higher in those parts of the country with the highest level of need - such as Blackburn with Darwen. "In 2011-12 Blackburn with Darwen will still receive a central government grant of £610 per head, compared for example to £125 per head in Wokingham." More on This Story Related Stories Job loss threat for 1,700 workers 07 JANUARY 2011, LANCASHIRE Council outlines £179m cuts plan 07 JANUARY 2011, LANCASHIRE Eight top jobs to go at council 02 OCTOBER 2010, LANCASHIRE Council reverses centre closure 22 SEPTEMBER 2010, LANCASHIRE From other news sites Lancashire Telegraph Blackburn with Darwen cuts blasted as 'monstrous' 3 hrs ago Lancaster Guardian Council to cut 1,000 jobs 13 hrs ago Blackburn Citizen Council plans to cut 1,000 jobs 18 hrs ago Mail Online UK Spending cuts force Blackburn with Darwen Council to cut jobs 19 hrs ago 24dash.com Blackburn with Darwen Council to cut 1,000 jobs 19 hrs ago About these results Related Internet links Blackburn with Darwen Council The BBC is not responsible for the content of external Internet sites Share this page Delicious Digg Facebook reddit StumbleUpon Twitter Email Print BBC Lancashire Players released in spot-fix probe Five Preston North End players and one former player are no longer subject to bail conditions as the National Crime Agency says an inquiry into match spot-fixing is continuing. Seven-hour M6 hold up investigated Honorary doctorate for comic Vegas Travel News Latest road incidents, public transport information and live traffic jam cameras near you Weather Clear Sky  Preston Min. Night 16 °C Things To Do RUN BY THE BBC AND PARTNERS SAT 26 JUL Blackburn Couch to 5 K Running… Blackburn Couch to 5K Running… SAT 26 JUL Pendle Parkrun Trawden Athletic Club See Lancashire Activities > Find activities near you BBC Radio Lancashire Live Local Radio sport commentaries Top Stories UK economy back at pre-crisis level Israel rejects Gaza ceasefire plan Secret Cinema cancels weekend shows Dying man 'shocked to life' 31 times Miliband: I can't beat PM on image Features Nuclear dream The ship that totally failed to change the world No more photo ops? Why is Ed Miliband drawing attention to his public image? 7 days quiz Which city serves the strongest cup of coffee? Quaich guide What do the Scottish gifts given to Games medallists symbolise? Flight risk How odd is it for three planes to crash in eight days? Most Popular Shared 1: Astrology can aid healthcare - MP 2: UK economy back at pre-crisis level 3: Mother admits Mikaeel Kular killing 4: Wildlife loss link to child slavery 5: Thousands welcome Giants to city Read 1: Secret Cinema cancels weekend shows 2: Dying man 'shocked to life' 31 times 3: How odd is a cluster of plane accidents? 4: The ship that totally failed to change the world 5: Judge raises Coulson prison concerns 6: Thousands welcome Giants to city 7: Israel rejects Gaza peace plan 8: Violinist 'failed' during trial 9: Ex-DJ Dave Lee Travis facing retrial 10: Tulisa guilty of blogger assault Video/Audio 2: Gaza baby delivered from dead mother Watch 3: Gillan denies Star Wars wig claims Watch 4: Mark Hamill on new Star Wars Watch 5: Left behind in 'dead' Ukraine city Watch 6: Illegal child migration to US soars Watch 7: Video shows Algeria plane crash site Watch 8: Liverpool welcomes WW1 giant puppets Watch 9: BBC News Channel Watch 10: Liverpool crowds greet giant puppets Watch Services  Mobile  Connected TV  News feeds  Alerts  E-mail news About BBC News Editors' blog BBC College of Journalism News sources Editorial Guidelines BBC links Mobile site Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Accessibility Help Cookies Contact the BBC Parental Guidance BBC © 2014 The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read more. This page is best viewed in an up-to-date web browser with style sheets (CSS) enabled. While you will be able to view the content of this page in your current browser, you will not be able to get the full visual experience. Please consider upgrading your browser software or enabling style sheets (CSS) if you are able to do so. More… Full A-Z of BBC sites CBBC CBeebies Comedy Food History Learning Music Science Nature Local Travel News
http://www.petitionbuzz.com/petitions/savews
Login Create Petition My Account Hot Petitions Signing petition Full Name: * Location: * Email: * (not displayed publicly) Notes: Save BBC World Service from Savage Cuts   100,000   Opened on January 26, 2011   THIS PETITION WILL BE DELIVERED TO No. 10 DOWNING STREET ON COMPLETION OF 100,000 SIGNATURES TO DEMAND A COMMONS DEBATE ON THE FUNDING OF BBC WORLD SERVICE. WE NEED TO ACT QUICKLY PLEASE EMAIL EVERYONE YOU KNOW ABOUT THIS PETITION WWW.SAVEWS.COM The BBC World Service, the world's most recognised news service. is facing savage financial cuts forcing huge job losses and the withdrawal of services vital to poverty stricken and war torn parts of the globe. We, the undersigned, urge the UK Government to: Re-think its funding to the BBC World Service and hold a Commons debate on the protection of what is one of Britain's foremost and unique sources of soft power and prestige. The Coalition Agreement rightly recognises Britain’s moral responsibility to help the poorest people in the world and makes welcome commitments to increase and protect International Development funding. We consider the BBC's international broadcasting to be a very cost-effective means of development and we call on the Government to treat it in the same manner as development aid. The Foreign Office reductions in grant aid have caused the BBC to propose (in particular) ending short wave transmissions to some of the poorest regions in the world. These are places where internet access is limited, literacy is an issue and local governments block FM re-broadcasting when it suits their purposes. These essential services must be considered as a priority by both Government and BBC in any review. The UK Government's e-petition web site appears currently to be closed to new petitions. The UK Government promises it will hold a commons debate if more than 100,000 signatures are received to a No 10 e-petition. Consequently as it is currently impossible to post a No. 10 e-petition we have phrased this petition in line with a No. 10 e-petition in order to demand its official recognition.  » Contact Petition's Author Comments ( ) Signatures (19,433) Petitions By Categories Civil and Human Rights Education and Science Economy and Business Entertainment and Media Politics and Government Environment Health Sports Law and Justice Other More Online Petitions Hot Petitions Top Petitions New Petitions More How To Write A Petition? Sitemap About PetitionBuzz Premium Services Collect Donations Terms of Use PetitionBuzz Blog Customer Care Contact Us Signature Removal Request PetitionBuzz® is a registered US and UK trademark. All Rights Reserved 2008-2014.   |   Facebook   |   Twitter
http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2011/feb/01/bbc-world-service-hindi-radio
Turn autoplay off Turn autoplay on Please activate cookies in order to turn autoplay off Jump to content [s] Jump to comments [c] Jump to site navigation [0] Jump to search [4] Terms and conditions [8] Edition: UK US AU Your activity Email subscriptions Account details Linked services Sign out Profile Beta News US World Sports Comment Culture Business Money Environment Science Travel Tech Media Life & style Data Comment is free Why is the BBC cutting Hindi radio from the World Service? At a time when Britain is seeking closer engagement with India, the decision to cut off 10 million listeners looks like a mistake Share Tweet this Email Sam Miller theguardian.com, Tuesday 1 February 2011 04.59 EST Jump to comments (…) A protest outside Bush House, the home of the BBC World Service, after the BBC confirmed plans to cut 650 jobs. Photograph: Graham Turner for the Guardian The most unexpected casualty of last week's savage cuts to the BBC World Service was Hindi-language radio, which from 1 April will no longer be broadcast to India. Most of the rest of the BBC's decisions to cut or trim services were sad but predictable – an acknowledgement that small audiences are probably the strongest reason to stop broadcasting to a particular part of the world, or in a particular language. But the Hindi decision seemed, at first, like a joke, appropriate to the proposed date of closure. Hindi radio has a very large audience, over 10 million regular weekly listeners – with many more unmeasured in the conflict-ridden tribal areas of central India. That figure has come down significantly over the last decade, but it's still, in World Service terms, and in the context of international radio broadcasting, a huge listenership. And it's more than three times the total audience for the BBC's English-language broadcasts to India on radio (which is also being cut) and on TV. Why then is Hindi radio being closed? After discussing that question, off-the-record, with several senior BBC managers (old colleagues all of them, because I too used to work at Bush House) I'm still not entirely sure. The official explanation is that radio listening on shortwave, an old technology, is dying around the world – and Hindi radio is almost entirely on shortwave. But given that the Hindi programmes continue to attract large audiences, it's clear that for India at least this argument is specious. Certainly, if the Hindi shortwave listenership collapsed as similar audiences have elsewhere in the world – it would be impossible to justify continuing with these broadcasts. But, in fact, the latest audience surveys suggest a slight rise in listening. My former colleagues are a beleaguered bunch – forced to implement the government's cuts in a way that they hope will cause as little longterm damage as possible. One of those colleagues told me the decision about Hindi radio can only be understood in the context of the panic that set in at World Service when the foreign secretary, William Hague, turned down the original BBC proposal to close more individual language services. "Hague", he told me, "hung us out to dry." The BBC then needed, quickly, to find language services that they could butcher but not kill. Part of the Hindi service – namely Hindi online, and a one-minute long sports-and-entertainment capsule sent to Indian local radio stations, survived. But Hindi radio did not. The saving to World Service is less than £1m per annum. Another manager told me that the decision was a serious mistake. The Hindi service, he admitted, had fallen victim to interdepartmental rivalries and was poorly defended within Bush House. The fact that most of the staff of the Hindi section were moved out of London to expensive state-of-the-art offices in Delhi less than three years ago as part of a new India strategy did not help. That new India strategy was stillborn, and much of the investment in those new offices has been a waste. It's an extraordinary time to cut Hindi radio for other reasons. In the new British government's early months a closer engagement with India as an emerging superpower became a priority. The reputation of the BBC in India is even better than it deserves. And through the BBC, the UK – unlike most other countries – can engage with a wide range of Indians (not just the super-rich) in the cities. BBC Hindi radio reaches deep into the rural hinterland of northern India, and most critically is a lifeline service in those parts of central India affected by the long-running Maoist insurgency. Russia, Iran and, of course, neighbouring China continue to broadcast in Hindi on short-wave to India – and all will undoubtedly be delighted to pick up their share of the BBC Hindi audience. While Britain, now discovering the disadvantages of punching below its weight, is in danger of becoming little more than a heritage brand in India. Sign up for the Guardian Today Our editors' picks for the day's top news and commentary delivered to your inbox each morning. Sign up for the daily email Print this Share Contact us Send to a friend Sender's name Recipient's email address Your IP address will be logged Share Short link for this page: http://gu.com/p/2mnck StumbleUpon reddit Tumblr Digg LinkedIn del.icio.us Facebook Twitter Contact us Report errors or inaccuracies: userhelp@theguardian.com Letters for publication should be sent to: guardian.letters@theguardian.com If you need help using the site: userhelp@theguardian.com Call the main Guardian and Observer switchboard: +44 (0)20 3353 2000 Advertising guide License/buy our content Article history About this article Why is the BBC cutting Hindi radio from the World Service? | Sam Miller This article was published on the Guardian website at 04.59 EST on Tuesday 1 February 2011. It was last modified at 11.40 EDT on Tuesday 3 June 2014. Media BBC · BBC World Service · Radio industry World news India More from Comment is free on Media BBC · BBC World Service · Radio industry World news India Share Tweet this Email Comments Click here to join the discussion. We can't load the discussion on theguardian.com because you don't have JavaScript enabled. ' + 'Comments ' + 'Click here to join the discussion. We can\'t load the ' + 'discussion on theguardian.com ' + 'because your web browser does not support all the features that we ' + 'need. If you cannot upgrade your browser to a newer version, you can ' + 'access the discussion ' + 'here. On Comment is free Most viewed Latest Last 24 hours 1.  This new wave of tattoos gets under my skin | Kathryn Hughes 2. Blake Lively's Preserve website made me want to eat the rich | Eleanor Robertson 3. If we can have just war, why not just terrorism? | Giles Fraser 4. Both Israelis and Palestinians are losers in this conflict | Daniel Barenboim 5. To mock President Putin’s pride and test his paranoia is folly | Simon Jenkins More most viewed Last 24 hours 1.  The Guardian view on the causes of the fighting in Gaza | Editorial 2. The Guardian view on politicians and the polls | Editorial 3. Party funding: there is an alternative to murky donations from the super-rich | Ian Birrell 4. Unthinkable? Quotas for men | Editorial 5. Ian Watkins' failed appeal is evidence of a sharp change in attitudes to abusers | Deborah Orr All today's stories tag setTimeout("cleanUpExtraWeirdLinkCreatedBySomeOtherScriptThatOnlyExistsOnOnePageThatICantFineAwesomesauce()", 1000); setTimeout("cleanUpExtraWeirdLinkCreatedBySomeOtherScriptThatOnlyExistsOnOnePageThatICantFineAwesomesauce()", 2500); comment is free… Latest posts 10min ago The double life of the writer with a family Christina Patterson: As Karl Ove Knausgaard knows, there’s money to be made from your loved ones – as long as you’re prepared to wield the ice pick 41min ago The Guardian view on the causes of the fighting in Gaza Editorial: The roots of the violence go back to the Israeli withdrawal in 2005 Comment from the paper Ian Birrell: Party funding: there is an alternative to murky donations from the super-rich Hadley Freeman: What you can learn from a domestic violence apology Polly Toynbee: Ed Miliband is challenging voters to choose between image and substance Today's best video The Guardian Film Show Critics Xan Brooks, Peter Bradshaw and Henry Barnes review this week's big releases, including Hercules, The Galapagos Affair and Joe A day in the life of a 'Boris' bike London cyclists offer their views on hire bikes and cycling in the capital From Scotland With Love Alexis Petridis recommends King Creosote's soundtrack to a heartfelt film about Scotland Malorie Blackman: my quest for diversity in children's books Children's laureate interviewed by a teenager Today in pictures BBC Sports Personality of the Year – in pictures Bradley Wiggins capped his remarkable sporting year by taking home the big prize at the ceremony in London Dinner, dusk and dancing Russians: my best winter shot A glass of wine with a rough sleeper, Santa in trunks, a thousand partying Muscovites … in a My Best Shot special, top photographers pick the image that sums up winter for them Monkey adopts kitten – in pictures Kimon, an eight-year-old pet female long-tailed monkey, treats a kitten as her baby in Bintan Island, Indonesia License/buy our content | Privacy policy | Terms of service | US advertising | A - Z index | About us © 2014 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved. Share Tweet this The link you clicked on is trying to take you to a scam site. Please close your browser and delete the email containing the link. ; '); } // <" + "/script>"; script += "\n "; script += "\nvar pvar = { cid: 'uk-305078h', content: '0', server: 'secure-uk' };"; script += "\nvar feat = { landing_page: 0 };"; script += "\nvar trac = nol_t(pvar, feat);"; script += "\ntrac.record().post();"; script += "\n<" + "/script>"; jQ("#n-analytics-placeholder").writeCapture().replaceWith(script); } ); }
http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-england-surrey-12332161
')}; })(); /**/ For a better experience on your device, try our mobile site. Cookies on the BBC website We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. We also use cookies to ensure we show you advertising that is relevant to you. If you continue without changing your settings, we'll assume that you are happy to receive all cookies on the BBC website. However, if you would like to, you can change your cookie settings at any time. Continue Find out more Accessibility links Skip to content Skip to local navigation Accessibility Help BBC navigation News Sport Weather Capital Future Shop TV Radio More… Search term: Surrey Home US & Canada Latin America UK Africa Asia Europe Mid-East Business Health Sci/Environment Tech Entertainment Video England Northern Ireland Scotland Wales UK Politics Education 1 February 2011 Last updated at 03:40 ET Share this page Delicious Digg Facebook reddit StumbleUpon Twitter Email Print Surrey County Council to spend £12m on roads amid cuts Surrey County Council said road quality was of prime concern to residents Continue reading the main story Related Stories Surrey council to shed 650 jobs Fire service plan 'devastating' Roads row as damage claims rise Plans to spend an extra £12m on roads and £5m on vulnerable children have been set out by Surrey County Council after it announced 650 jobs would go. The council announced the job cuts as part of budget proposals that will be considered by the cabinet on Tuesday. Council tax is to be frozen for the first time in the council's history. Deputy council leader David Hodge said the quality of roads was a prime concern and supporting vulnerable children was a priority. He said extra funding had been found to ensure these services were maintained. After the job cuts were announced on Monday, the GMB union said it was clear the loss of posts would have an adverse impact on frontline services. Industrial action Mr Hodge said: "Across the council there will be changes to the way services are delivered to truly provide value for money. "Unfortunately, there will be some redundancies but thanks to careful planning and preparation we will keep these to a minimum." He said council tax would be frozen because the council understood people were suffering financially. Over four years, the council will see up to 650 jobs cut, with 250 to go in the next financial year. Mr Hodge said the council would retrain and redeploy staff wherever possible to minimise redundancies. After the job cuts were announced, GMB officer Paul Maloney said: "It is clear that these job cuts will have an adverse impact on frontline services for the most vulnerable in the county." Chris Leary, from the public sector union Unison, said when the public lost services such as mobile libraries, qualified staff to care for vulnerable adults and youth services, the people of Surrey would not "just stand idly by and let the politicians decimate services". He said: "We will defend our members' jobs and support them in whatever action they choose to take, including lawful industrial action." More on This Story Related Stories Surrey council to shed 650 jobs 31 JANUARY 2011, SURREY Fire service plan 'devastating' 25 NOVEMBER 2010, SURREY Roads row as damage claims rise 20 OCTOBER 2010, SURREY Related Internet links Surrey County Council The BBC is not responsible for the content of external Internet sites Share this page Delicious Digg Facebook reddit StumbleUpon Twitter Email Print BBC Surrey Violinist 'failed' in abuse trial A violinist who died a week after giving evidence at a sex abuse trial of her former teacher was "failed" by mental health services, a coroner says. Cyclist killed in crash with car Finance deal delays hospital merger Travel news Latest road incidents, public transport information and live traffic jam cameras near you Weather Partly Cloudy   Guildford Min. Night 17 °C Things To Do RUN BY THE BBC AND PARTNERS SAT 26 JUL Two Day Cycling Event Polesden Lacey - National… SAT 26 JUL Junior Tennis Lessons Bagshot Tennis Club See Surrey Activities > Find activities near you BBC Surrey Live Local Radio sport commentaries Top stories Israel rejects Gaza ceasefire plan 'No survivors' in Air Algerie crash Russia angry at US 'smear campaign' Isis 'overruns' Syrian military base S Leone hunts seized Ebola patient Features & Analysis Witch hunt The country where a writer accused of blasphemy must run News quiz Which city serves the strongest cup of coffee? 'War porn'? Support - and disdain - for women posting sexy selfies for the IDF Flight risk How odd is it to have three plane crashes in eight days? Most Popular Shared 1: Wikipedia blocks US Congress edits 2: Wildlife loss link to child slavery 3: A country where liberal journalists risk death 4: Isis 'overruns' Syrian military base 5: Astrology can aid healthcare - MP Read 1: Hamill: Star Wars return 'a gift' 2: Israel rejects Gaza peace plan 3: Russia angry at US 'smear campaign' 4: Wikipedia blocks US Congress edits 5: Homeowner kills 'pregnant burglar' 6: US manhunt for tuberculosis patient 7: Isis 'overruns' Syrian military base 8: 'No survivors' in Air Algerie crash 9: How odd is a cluster of plane accidents? 10: Sexy selfies in support of IDF Video/Audio 2: Video shows Algeria plane crash site Watch 3: Gaza baby delivered from dead mother Watch 4: Left behind in 'dead' Ukraine city Watch 5: Mark Hamill on new Star Wars Watch 6: Gillan denies Star Wars wig claims Watch 7: Hamas leader: 'Bloodshed should end' Watch 8: Moment Isis blew up Iraq shrine Watch 9: Honour for 101-year-old weatherman Watch 10: Serkis: Star Wars script 'beautiful' Watch Elsewhere on the BBC Hidden rail trip Canada's tiny, two-car shuttle is a train lover's dream with scenic views Programmes HARDtalk Watch BBC exclusive: Hamas leader on the eagerness to end bloodshed in Gaza Services  Mobile  Connected TV  News feeds  Alerts  E-mail news About BBC News Editors' blog BBC College of Journalism News sources Media Action Editorial Guidelines BBC links Mobile site Terms of Use About the BBC Advertise With Us Privacy Accessibility Help Ad Choices Cookies Contact the BBC Parental Guidance BBC © 2014 The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read more. This page is best viewed in an up-to-date web browser with style sheets (CSS) enabled. While you will be able to view the content of this page in your current browser, you will not be able to get the full visual experience. Please consider upgrading your browser software or enabling style sheets (CSS) if you are able to do so. More… Full A-Z of BBC sites CBBC CBeebies Comedy Food History Learning Music Science Nature Local Travel News
http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-politics-12375310
')}; })(); /**/ For a better experience on your device, try our mobile site. Cookies on the BBC website We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. We also use cookies to ensure we show you advertising that is relevant to you. If you continue without changing your settings, we'll assume that you are happy to receive all cookies on the BBC website. However, if you would like to, you can change your cookie settings at any time. Continue Find out more Accessibility links Skip to content Skip to local navigation Accessibility Help BBC navigation News Sport Weather Capital Future Shop TV Radio More… Search term: UK Politics Home US & Canada Latin America UK Africa Asia Europe Mid-East Business Health Sci/Environment Tech Entertainment Video England Northern Ireland Scotland Wales UK Politics Education 6 February 2011 Last updated at 09:13 ET Share this page Delicious Digg Facebook reddit StumbleUpon Twitter Email Print Police to lose '10,000 officers by 2013' Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play. Policing minister Nick Herbert insisted that 'police should be crime fighters not form writers' Continue reading the main story Related Stories Police cuts could top 700 posts Police collaborate to cut costs Police 'can do more' despite cuts At least 10,190 uniformed police officer posts are set to disappear by the end of next year in England and Wales, Labour Party research suggests. Shadow home secretary Yvette Cooper said "cutting so fast and deep" was "irresponsible" and "crazy". The coalition's Spending Review set police budget cuts at 20% by 2014-15. Policing minister Nick Herbert said he did not accept the figures, adding it was the effectiveness of officers not their total numbers that counted. The Police Federation, which represents police officers, said numbers were on track to fall back to the level of the 1970s. 'Meltdown' Chairman Paul McKeever said: "We're going to be back below 215 officers per 100,000. We're 257 at the moment, and I'm one of the very few police officers old enough to remember what it was like back in the 1970s. "We really were in meltdown then, it was very bad news indeed. We've improved enormously over the last 30 years, through increased funding and the resources we've had, and we're going to lose an awful lot of that." Shadow home office minister Vernon Coaker told the BBC budget cuts were already having an impact on the front line. Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play. Vernon Coaker: ''We expect many more jobs to be lost" "David Cameron said that if any minister came to him with proposals which hit front-line services then he would send them away," he said. "And clearly what we're seeing in respect to the police, we're seeing cuts in police officer numbers which are already impacting on neighbourhood policing teams, already impacting on specialist units." BBC political correspondent Laura Kuenssberg said Home Secretary Theresa May had always insisted that the cut in police budgets of 4% this financial year and 5% next year, should not have to mean a cut in the number of police officers. But after Labour collated figures from all 42 police authorities in England and Wales - except the British Transport Police - the party claims that hope cannot be realised. Continue reading the main story “Start Quote The problem is that the police force has too many uniforms doing admin jobs” End Quote Peter Buck Send your comments Of the 42 analysed by Labour, two-thirds had made recent announcements on police numbers whilst a third had not yet declared how the budget cuts set out in the Spending Review would affect them. For forces included in that third, Labour used police figures from May to September last year. The government has always insisted that front-line jobs can be protected, despite the savings they want. Mr Herbert said forces can and must make savings in their back and middle offices. "By sharing services, outsourcing and procuring equipment together, they can work more efficiently and prioritise the front line, so that the service to the public is maintained and improved," he said. "Despite officer numbers reaching record levels, only 11% are visible and available to the public, not least because of Labour's red tape. "It's not the total size of the police workforce that counts - it's how effectively officers are deployed." Ms Cooper said their figures for the next two years were "only the beginning", with a third of forces yet to announce their cuts for next year. Most of those that had announced their cuts had only looked at the next two years, she added. "Cutting so fast and so deep into police budgets is crazy. It is completely out of touch with communities across the country who want to keep bobbies on the beat," said Ms Cooper. She later told Sky News: "It's just irresponsible. Police forces are put in an impossible position... they're trying to do their best and having the rug pulled under them. "They cannot protect front-line policing if they're faced with this scale of 20% cuts. These plans are out of touch with what people across the country will be thinking about the need to tackle crime." Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play. Derek Barnett said sharing services amongst different forces could cut costs But Mr Herbert insisted police numbers would also fall under Labour's plans, and it was "totally dishonest" to pretend otherwise. "I don't accept Labour Party figures," he told the BBC's The World This Weekend. "I think it is better to wait for official figures. We have never said we can guarantee police numbers and nor has the Opposition said that." He added: "I think it would be quite wrong to imply there would be this impact on frontline policing which every chief constable is determined to prioritise [against]." The head of the Police Superintendents' Association, Derek Barnett, said whilst they can reduce bureaucracy and streamline back office services, there would "inevitably" be an impact on front-line services. The Association of Chief Police Officers said there were difficult choices ahead for the police service, for police partners and for government. A spokeswoman said: "The cumulative impact of cutting police budgets year-on-year will translate into reductions of police officers and staff across the service. "The extent of the cuts will depend on the financial circumstances of each force and the different reliance that each force has on local and central funding streams. "Every chief officer remains committed to doing all they can to protect front line service delivery to the public." More on This Story Related Stories Police cuts could top 700 posts 25 JANUARY 2011, ENGLAND Police collaborate to cut costs 31 JANUARY 2011, WALES Police 'can do more' despite cuts 29 JUNE 2010, UK Police 'face forced retirement' 04 NOVEMBER 2010, UK 60,000 police jobs 'under threat' 15 JULY 2010, UK From other news sites Yahoo! UK and Ireland Asbos KO'd - But Cops May Take Yobs' iPods 1 hr ago Channel 4 Asbos to be abolished under new Government plans 4 hrs ago Mirror.co.uk 10,000 police officers to go in "risky" cuts 5 hrs ago Telegraph David Cameron's spending cuts are undermining Big Society, charity chief claims 6 hrs ago Daily Star Labour's police claims 'dishonest'Full Story 17 hrs ago About these results Related Internet links Home Office The Labour Party Association of Chief Police Officers Police Superintendents' Association Police Federation Around the BBC BBC News - Spending review The BBC is not responsible for the content of external Internet sites Share this page Delicious Digg Facebook reddit StumbleUpon Twitter Email Print More UK Politics stories RSS UK economy back at pre-crisis level The UK economy grew 0.8% in the second quarter and has now recovered the ground lost since the downturn began in 2008, according to official figures. Miliband: I can't beat PM on image Appoint abuse inquiry head, May urged Top stories Israel rejects Gaza ceasefire plan 'No survivors' in Air Algerie crash Russia angry at US 'smear campaign' Isis 'overruns' Syrian military base S Leone hunts seized Ebola patient Features & Analysis Witch hunt The country where a writer accused of blasphemy must run News quiz Which city serves the strongest cup of coffee? 'War porn'? Support - and disdain - for women posting sexy selfies for the IDF Flight risk How odd is it to have three plane crashes in eight days? Most Popular Shared 1: Wikipedia blocks US Congress edits 2: Wildlife loss link to child slavery 3: A country where liberal journalists risk death 4: Isis 'overruns' Syrian military base 5: Astrology can aid healthcare - MP Read 1: Hamill: Star Wars return 'a gift' 2: Israel rejects Gaza peace plan 3: Russia angry at US 'smear campaign' 4: Wikipedia blocks US Congress edits 5: Homeowner kills 'pregnant burglar' 6: US manhunt for tuberculosis patient 7: Isis 'overruns' Syrian military base 8: 'No survivors' in Air Algerie crash 9: How odd is a cluster of plane accidents? 10: Sexy selfies in support of IDF Video/Audio 2: Video shows Algeria plane crash site Watch 3: Gaza baby delivered from dead mother Watch 4: Left behind in 'dead' Ukraine city Watch 5: Mark Hamill on new Star Wars Watch 6: Gillan denies Star Wars wig claims Watch 7: Hamas leader: 'Bloodshed should end' Watch 8: Moment Isis blew up Iraq shrine Watch 9: Honour for 101-year-old weatherman Watch 10: Serkis: Star Wars script 'beautiful' Watch Elsewhere on the BBC Hidden rail trip Canada's tiny, two-car shuttle is a train lover's dream with scenic views Programmes HARDtalk Watch BBC exclusive: Hamas leader on the eagerness to end bloodshed in Gaza Services  Mobile  Connected TV  News feeds  Alerts  E-mail news About BBC News Editors' blog BBC College of Journalism News sources Media Action Editorial Guidelines BBC links Mobile site Terms of Use About the BBC Advertise With Us Privacy Accessibility Help Ad Choices Cookies Contact the BBC Parental Guidance BBC © 2014 The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read more. This page is best viewed in an up-to-date web browser with style sheets (CSS) enabled. While you will be able to view the content of this page in your current browser, you will not be able to get the full visual experience. Please consider upgrading your browser software or enabling style sheets (CSS) if you are able to do so. More… Full A-Z of BBC sites CBBC CBeebies Comedy Food History Learning Music Science Nature Local Travel News
