http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/asia/pakistan/8297035/Pakistan-reject-US-demands-of-diplomatic-immunity-over-murder-suspect.html
< img alt="dcsimg" id="dcsimg" width="1" height="1" src="//webtrends.telegraph.co.uk/dcsshgbi400000gscd62rrg43_4o2o/njs.gif?MLC=&Channel=&Genre=&Category=&Content_Type=&Level=&source=&dcsuri=/nojavascript&WT.js=No&WT.tv=10.2.10&dcssip=www.telegraph.co.uk"/> Accessibility links Skip to article Skip to navigation Advertisement Telegraph.co.uk NewSearch Friday 25 July 2014 Home News World Sport Finance Comment Culture Travel Life Women Fashion Luxury Tech Cars Video USA Asia China Europe Middle East Australasia Africa South America Central Asia Expat Afghanistan Pakistan India North Korea South Korea Japan Kazakhstan Home» News» World News» Asia» Pakistan Pakistan reject US demands of diplomatic immunity over murder suspect Relations between Pakistan and the United States soured on Tuesday after a court in Lahore snubbed US demands that an American government employee arrested after shooting dead two people be granted diplomatic immunity. Pakistani students protest against alleged US consulate worker Raymond Davis in Lahore  Photo: AFP/GETTY By Rob Crilly, Islamabad 10:48PM GMT 01 Feb 2011 Follow The man, named locally as Raymond Davis, has been held since Thursday, and claims he acted in self-defence. However, the case has provoked an outpouring of anger in Pakistan. Thousands of people took to the streets at the weekend to demand Davis be hanged, while local journalists have speculated on whether Davis is part of secret American spy network. It is the latest blow to an awkward alliance between Pakistan – where anti-American sentiment runs high – and the US as they battle fight Taliban and al-Qaeda militants. Yesterday, a senior judge in Lahore ruled out an early deal to allow Davis to go home. Ijaz Ahmed Chaudry, Lahore High Court Chief Justice, placed Davis on the country's exit control list and said there would be an investigation into whether he had diplomatic immunity. Related Articles Raymond Davis' police interview after shooting two Pakistanis dead 10 Feb 2011 US consulate employee charged with murder of Pakistani men 28 Jan 2011 Davis has admitted shooting two men after they pulled alongside him on a motorbike. American officials said he saw they had a gun and he believed he was about to be robbed. Since then American officials have pressed to have Davis released, although Pakistani authorities say they need more time to investigate whether he is entitled to diplomatic immunity. The arrest and possible court case could also throw light on to the murky world of security operations, something both countries would rather avoid. A spokeswoman for the US embassy in Islamabad said he was a member of "technical and administrative staff". "He's covered by diplomatic immunity so should not be in custody, much less facing prosecution," she said. ABC News has reported that Davis works for Hyperion Protective Consultants, a Florida-based company that specialises in security.   Pakistan News » World News » Asia » North America » USA » In Pakistan   In pictures: Friday prayers of Ramadan   Terror attack on Karachi airport   In pics: Islam celebrates   What next for the Pakistan Taliban?   The festival of Eid   Read more World News Previously uncontacted Peruvian Indians 'could carry flu back to tribe'   Activists fear that virus contracted by Amazonian tribe members fleeing violent attacks could spread through vulnerable and isolated communities Islamic State uses high grade captured weapons to fight Assad troops in Syria   The extremist group is benefiting from huge caches of arms it seized after overrunning parts of Northern Iraq Wikipedia bans editing of its pages by Congressional staffers after ‘online vandalism’   The internet encyclopaedia announces ban in response to “persistent disruptive editing” – such as describing Donald Rumsfeld as a “alien lizard” – by anonymous users in House of Representatives Nigeria confirms Liberian man died of Ebola in Lagos   Ebola caused the death of a Liberian national who died in quarantine in Lagos, Nigeria confirms Benedict Cumberbatch greets Comic-Con fans   Video Benedict Cumberbatch to Megan Fox meet fans and promote their latest films Penguins of Madagascar and Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles at the massive pop culture expo Comic-Con, in San Diego Young woman allegedly posts picture using mascara looted from crash site   Yekaterina Parkhomenko uploaded a photograph with the caption: 'Mascara from Amsterdam; to be precise, from the field. Well, you understand.' EU dismisses Spanish claims over Gibraltar reef   Madrid humiliated as the European Union throws out Spanish demands that Gibraltar dismantles the artificial reef at the centre of a bitter diplomatic dispute between Britain and Spain Comments Michelle Obama begs donors for 'big, fat' cheques   After years in which her husband bemoans the impact of big money on America's politics, Michelle Obama is accused of hypocrisy as she begs donors to write cheques ahead of Mid-term elections €100 million operation to dismantle Costa Concordia revealed   Millions of pounds' worth of steel, copper and other materials will be salvaged from the Costa Concordia when it is dismantled in an operation expected to take nearly two years and cost £80 million Kremlin 'pouring gasoline on the fire', says US   US condemns Russia over reports Moscow to send rebels "more powerful" rocket launchers to Ukraine rebels, as EU sanctions prepare to target Kremlin's top spy chiefs Advertisement Advertisement Latest Video»   The royal family as you have never seen them before   Real life 'Iron Man' glasses   Underwear bomber plot failed because he 'wore same pants for two weeks'   Meet Britain's chief condom tester   The 'selfie' is dead. Introducing the 'dronie'   Monster jellyfish caught on camera More from the web» Advertisement More from the web News Most Viewed TODAY PAST WEEK PAST MONTH Air Algerie: British man killed in AH5017 crash - live Mystery of how plane came down in terrorist heartland Bengal tiger found locked up in abandoned house MH17: Kremlin 'pouring gasoline on the fire', says US Underwear bomber plot failed because he 'wore same pants for two weeks' Malaysia Airlines plane crashes on Ukraine-Russia border: July 22 as it happened Air Algerie: 'no survivors' as wreckage found near Burkino Faso border - live Revealed: the Palestinian children killed by Israeli forces MH17: Kremlin 'pouring gasoline on the fire', says US Donkey suicide bomb stopped by Israeli troops in Gaza Malaysia Airlines plane crashes on Ukraine-Russia border: July 22 as it happened Britain needs 'national debate' about banning Muslim girls from wearing veils in public Air Algerie: 'no survivors' as wreckage found near Burkino Faso border - live Brazilian who turned 126 years old last week could be oldest living person Dramatic near-miss at Barcelona airport Advertisement More from the web» MORE FROM TELEGRAPH.CO.UK Amazon   Infographic: Who is today’s entrepreneur? View Inspirational Sport Stories   Who drove footballer Alan Smith to sporting success? View Lyonsdown Media   Newspapers: add to the discussion or perish View BARNEBYS   Avoiding fakes and forgeries: how to find the real deal View Back to top HOME News UK News Politics Long Reads Wikileaks Jobs World News Europe USA China Royal Family News Celebrity news Dating Finance Education Defence Health Weird News Editor's Choice Financial Services Pictures Video Matt Alex Comment Blogs Crossword Contact Us Privacy and Cookies Advertising Fantasy Football Tickets Announcements Reader Prints Follow Us Apps Epaper Expat Promotions Subscriber Syndication © Copyright of Telegraph Media Group Limited 2014 Terms and Conditions Today's News Archive Style Book Weather Forecast
http://www.cbsnews.com/news/us-murder-case-threatens-pakistan-ties/
CBSNews.com CBS Evening News CBS This Morning 48 Hours 60 Minutes Sunday Morning Face The Nation GO Log In Log In Join CBSNews.com Sign in with         CBSNews.com - Breaking News Video US World Politics Entertainment Health MoneyWatch SciTech Crime Sports Photos More Blogs Battleground The WH Web Shows 60 Overtime Face to Face Resources Mobile Radio Local In Depth By Farhan Bokhari CBS News February 1, 2011, 7:35 AM U.S. Murder Case Threatens Pakistan Ties Supporters of Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf hold a banner calling for the release of Aafia Siddiqui, who was convicted in February 2010 of two counts of attempted murder, and who is currently being detained in the U.S., during a rally against a U.S. consular employee suspected in the shooting deaths of two Pakistani men on Thursday, in Lahore, Pakistan, Saturday, Jan. 29, 2011. AP Photo/K.M. Chaudry Shares Tweets Stumble Email More + Pakistani protesters hold a banner calling for the release of Aafia Siddiqui during a rally against a U.S. man arrested over the deaths of two Pakistani men, Jan. 29, 2011. AP This story was filed by CBS News' Farhan Bokhari in Islamabad. A provincial high court in Pakistan passed an order Tuesday blocking Raymond Davis, a U.S. national arrested in Lahore in the murder of two Pakistani men, from leaving the country. He was arrested after killing the two men, who he says were trying to attack him. The U.S. government insists Davis has diplomatic immunity and therefore must be allowed to leave the country, while Pakistani officials say he's probably a security expert who works for a private contractor, making him ineligible for diplomatic protection. Western diplomats based in Pakistan warn the Davis case could further complicate relations between the U.S. and its key ally in the fight against Islamic militancy, Pakistan. After the ruling from the Lahore high court, a senior western diplomat based in Islamabad told CBS News on condition of anonymity the, "episode will only cause divisions between the U.S. and Pakistan at a critical time when these two countries need to work together." Davis' case has been widely publicized on streets of Pakistan, where anti-U.S. sentiment runs high. While many in the country -- particularly the impoverished masses -- consider the U.S. to be working against their interests by supporting successive rulers tainted by corruption, the country's ruling elite have repeatedly sought to work with Washington. Initial reports on the shooting saw American officials class the suspect, who has yet to be officially identified by the U.S. government, as a member of staff at the U.S. consulate in Lahore. A couple days later, they identified him as a "diplomat" and insisted he should have the associated legal protections. The Pakistanis' seeming inability to identify the man or his assignment, and the American government's relative silence on the matter, has only fueled speculation that he could be a security contractor, or even a CIA agent. It is highly unusual for American diplomats to travel alone in Pakistan, and would be even more unusual for them to do so armed. Officials who witnessed the incident have told CBS News the American suspect was travelling alone in a Toyota Corolla, and opened fire with a handgun after realizing he was being pursued by the two men. Police told CBS on the day of the shooting that the men who were killed also had handguns in their possession. On Friday (January 28), a day after Davis was arrested in Lahore, a group of demonstrators took to the streets of Pakistan's capital city, demanding his prosecution. "What was a diplomat doing with a gun on our streets?" asked Sabir Khan, a college student, standing with other protesters in Islamabad's central Aabpara neighborhood. "Raymond Davis must be brought to justice in Pakistan. Let him prove his innocence in a Pakistani court," said Khan. Many in Pakistan have called for the government to negotiate a prisoner swap to return Davis in exchange for Aafia Siddiqui, a Pakistani woman convicted in February 2010 of two counts of attempted murder in the U.S. © 2011 CBS Interactive Inc. All Rights Reserved. Shares Tweets Stumble Email More + Farhan Bokhari Featured in World Air Algerie plane vanishes from radar Algerian official tells CBS News Flight AH5017 from Burkina Faso to Algiers has crashed with 116 people on board Putin's inner circle sheds light on his "sinister, lonely life" Russian president - called "Tsar" by his aides - said to shun technology, instead relying on paper documents and Soviet war-era landlines Comments Most Popular 01 Wreckage of Air Algerie plane found in Mali 100490 views 02 Prosecutor: Doctor fired back at hospital gunman 80880 views 03 Putin's inner circle sheds light on his "sinister, lonely life" 60670 views 04 "Coolest" cooler spawns third most-funded product in Kickstarter history 56632 views 05 Ukraine rebels move bodies as tampering concerns mount 42575 views Play Video Old man tosses canes, gets down on the dance floor Play Video "Limbo-skating" world record: 6-year-old passes under 39 cars on roller skates Play Video Siblings swim English Channel for Alzheimer's awareness Play Video Country singer Kenny Rogers to be honored in Country Music Hall of Fame Play Video Tornado in Virginia ravages through popular campground Previous Next Most Shared Prosecutor: Doctor fired back at hospital gunman The risks of being a night owl Wreckage of Air Algerie plane found in Mali Israeli fire hits U.N. school in Gaza, killing 15 Sneaky new tactics may be tracking you online 13 Photos Comic-Con San Diego 33 Photos Photos of the Week 20 Photos What am I seeing? 8 Photos Relics of America's civil rights movement 13 Photos Plane crash victims come home Previous Next Most Discussed Israeli fire hits U.N. school in Gaza, killing 15 House Republicans unveil plan to tackle border crisis Obama: What are the pro-Russian rebels trying to hide? Gov. Rick Perry deploying up to 1,000 National Guard troops to border Court blows a hole through Obamacare subsidy system CBSNews.com Site Map Help Contact Us CBS Bios Careers Internships Development Programs CBS Interactive Privacy Policy Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement About CBS Advertise Closed Captioning Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS Email Newsletters YouTube CBS Radio News CBS Local CBS News Copyright © 2014 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. Search
http://articles.latimes.com/2011/feb/02/world/la-fg-pakistan-american-20110202
Advertisement &lt;a href=&quot;http://us-ads.openx.net/w/1.0/rc?cs=511bf904614ba&amp;cb=INSERT_RANDOM_NUMBER_HERE&quot; &gt;&lt;img src=&quot;http://us-ads.openx.net/w/1.0/ai?auid=339762&amp;cs=511bf904614ba&amp;cb=INSERT_RANDOM_NUMBER_HERE&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; alt=&quot;&quot;&gt;&lt;/a&gt; &lt;a href=&quot;http://us-ads.openx.net/w/1.0/rc?cs=511bf904614ba&amp;cb=INSERT_RANDOM_NUMBER_HERE&quot; &gt;&lt;img src=&quot;http://us-ads.openx.net/w/1.0/ai?auid=339762&amp;cs=511bf904614ba&amp;cb=INSERT_RANDOM_NUMBER_HERE&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; alt=&quot;&quot;&gt;&lt;/a&gt; YOU ARE HERE: LAT Home → Collections → Diplomatic Immunity Pakistan court bars release of U.S. official accused of double murder The decision to keep Raymond Davis in custody comes despite U.S. claims that the consulate official has diplomatic immunity. The case puts the Pakistani government between anti-American sentiment at home and pressure from Washington, a major supplier of aid. February 02, 2011 | By Alex Rodriguez, Los Angeles Times Reporting from Islamabad, Pakistan — A Pakistani judge Tuesday barred authorities from releasing an American Consulate official accused of double murder despite the U.S. government's insistence that diplomatic immunity shields him from prosecution. Five days after Raymond Davis shot to death two Pakistani men in the eastern city of Lahore in what he said was self-defense, authorities here showed no signs of bowing to demands from the U.S. Embassy in Islamabad that the 36-year-old be freed because he is a diplomat and therefore cannot be tried on criminal charges. Lahore High Court Chief Justice Ijaz Chaudhry's ruling preventing Davis from being handed over to U.S. authorities comes as domestic pressure builds on the government to put Davis on trial. The case has stoked the already intense anti-American sentiment that pervades Pakistani society, and has been portrayed by many in the Pakistani news media as an illustration of U.S. arrogance. The emotional uproar the shooting created has forced President Asif Ali Zardari's government into a corner. Zardari risks a massive popular backlash if he frees Davis under pressure from the United States, a major supplier of aid to Pakistan. So far, Zardari and the ruling Pakistan People's Party have played it safe. The president told a U.S. congressional delegation Monday that the best tack would be to let the courts decide Davis' fate. In his ruling, Chaudhry said the government would have 15 days to take a position on whether Davis was protected by diplomatic immunity, though he added that he would ultimately decide whether immunity applied. "It's an extremely delicate situation for the government," said Hasan Askari Rizvi, a Lahore-based security analyst. "If Zardari lets [Davis] go, then he faces a lot of criticism … and the government would be completely isolated from the political domain. But prosecuting him creates problems with Pakistan's relations with the U.S. So in both situations, the government is in trouble." The events leading up to the shooting Thursday remain hotly disputed. Davis told police he had just withdrawn money from a bank in Lahore and was stopped at a traffic-choked intersection when two men on a motorcycle and armed with handguns approached. He said he thought the men planned to rob him and that when one of them pointed a gun, he fired several times. One of the men died at the scene and the other died at a hospital. A Toyota Land Cruiser carrying U.S. Consulate officials summoned to the scene by Davis went the wrong way on a one-way street and struck a man on a motorcycle, killing him, authorities said. Police say the consulate has yet to hand over the driver of that vehicle. The U.S. government has not released the name of the arrested American, but Pakistani authorities have publicized his passport, which identifies him as Davis. The embassy maintains that the official is protected by the Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations, which accords immunity to all diplomats. Embassy officials say he is a member of the U.S. mission's technical and administrative staff. Davis' exact duties remain unclear, and the embassy has not clarified what his position is. It also has not said why he was carrying a firearm. Under Pakistani law, officials with embassies and foreign missions can possess such weapons only if they obtain permission from the Pakistani Foreign Office. The issue of American diplomats and security officials traveling through the country while carrying firearms has been controversial. alex.rodriguez@latimes.com FEATURED Death of Scott Sterling, son of Clippers owner, ruled accidental The frequent fliers who flew too much How not to say the wrong thing MORE: Mayor feels a `sense of failure' in marital split Seizure Led to FloJo's Death His 104 scores make his case Brutal Murder by Teen-Age Girls Adds to Britons' Shock Advertisement &lt;a href=&quot;http://us-ads.openx.net/w/1.0/rc?cs=511bf90462582&amp;cb=INSERT_RANDOM_NUMBER_HERE&quot; &gt;&lt;img src=&quot;http://us-ads.openx.net/w/1.0/ai?auid=339767&amp;cs=511bf90462582&amp;cb=INSERT_RANDOM_NUMBER_HERE&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; alt=&quot;&quot;&gt;&lt;/a&gt; &lt;a href=&quot;http://us-ads.openx.net/w/1.0/rc?cs=511bf90462582&amp;cb=INSERT_RANDOM_NUMBER_HERE&quot; &gt;&lt;img src=&quot;http://us-ads.openx.net/w/1.0/ai?auid=339767&amp;cs=511bf90462582&amp;cb=INSERT_RANDOM_NUMBER_HERE&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; alt=&quot;&quot;&gt;&lt;/a&gt; FROM THE ARCHIVES Pakistan court acquits CIA contractor Raymond Davis of... March 16, 2011 Pakistani officials won't rule on American's diplomatic... March 15, 2011 Pakistan detainee Raymond Davis works for CIA February 21, 2011 U.S. Embassy demands release of diplomat held by Pakistan... January 30, 2011 U.S. Consulate staffer faces murder charges in Pakistan January 29, 2011 MORE STORIES ABOUT Diplomatic Immunity Lahore Double Murder Copyright 2014 Los Angeles Times Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Index by Date | Index by Keyword
http://www.theguardian.com/world/2011/feb/01/pakistani-blocks-release-us-man
Turn autoplay off Turn autoplay on Please activate cookies in order to turn autoplay off Jump to content [s] Jump to site navigation [0] Jump to search [4] Terms and conditions [8] Edition: UK US AU Your activity Email subscriptions Account details Linked services Sign out Profile Beta News US World Sports Comment Culture Business Money Environment Science Travel Tech Media Life & style Data News World news Pakistan Pakistani court blocks release of US man US says embassy official has diplomatic immunity and that he acted in self defence when he shot two men dead Share Tweet this Email Associated Press The Guardian, Tuesday 1 February 2011 04.58 EST Pakistanis protest against the killing of two men by a US consulate employee. Photograph: W.Khan/EPA A Pakistani court today ordered the government not to release an American official arrested in the shooting dead of two Pakistanis, despite US insistence that he has diplomatic immunity and has been detained illegally. Lahore high court chief justice Ijaz Chaudhry also told the government to place the American on the "exit control list" so that he cannot leave the country. Some legal experts question whether the court has the authority to issue such orders, but the rulings could further complicate what has become a serious diplomatic spat between the two countries. The US embassy in Islamabad has argued that the American, who it has not named, acted in self-defence when he shot the two men in Lahore last Thursday because they were trying to rob him at gunpoint. It has issued several statements insisting he has diplomatic immunity and demanded his release. A copy of the American's passport identifies him as 36-year-old Raymond Allen Davis. Pakistani officials have seemingly gone out of their way to avoid taking responsibility for deciding whether Davis should be released, likely because of a possible backlash in a country where anti-American sentiment is rife despite billions of dollars in US aid. When asked whether the American has diplomatic immunity, federal government officials, including the president and the prime minister, have said they must wait until provincial legal officials finish their review – or have pointed their fingers at other federal ministries that must decide. Local officials in Punjab province, where Lahore is the capital, have said it is up to the federal government, not provincial authorities, to decide whether Davis has diplomatic immunity. If not, provincial prosecutors have said they will pursue murder charges. The national and provincial governments are controlled by rival political parties, and Davis's case could be caught up in this competition. Chaudhry demanded that the federal government determine whether the American has diplomatic immunity within 15 days and said he would review the final decision himself. But Azhar Sadique, a senior constitutional lawyer, said the court was overreaching – behaviour for which it has been criticised in the past. "As far as the issue of diplomatic immunity is concerned, this issue must be decided by the two [national] governments or by the international court of justice," said Sadique. He also said that only a trial court or the government could prevent a person from leaving the country. Despite the questionable jurisdiction, Punjab's deputy attorney general, Naveed Malik, said before the ruling that the provincial government would accept any decision by the Lahore high court about Davis. The court issued its rulings after hearing a petition from a local lawyer who feared Pakistan would release the American as a result of US pressure. A third man died when he was allegedly hit by an American car that rushed to the scene to help Davis. Pakistani police have said they want to question the driver of that vehicle as well. Many Pakistanis already regard the US with suspicion because of its occupation of neighbouring Afghanistan and regular missile attacks against militant targets in Pakistan's north-west. Islamist and rightwing opponents of Washington and Pakistan's US-allied government have said the recent shooting was a further example of American brutality. The US has said Davis was a member of the embassy's technical and administrative staff but has not clearly identified his job or explained why he was carrying a gun. The lack of clarity has fuelled media speculation that he may be a CIA agent or security contractor and raised questions about whether he qualified for diplomatic immunity. Washington has made strengthening ties with Pakistan a top priority and is committed to giving it $7.5bn (£4.7bn) in civilian aid, one of its largest programmes anywhere in the world. It wants to secure the country's help in stabilising Afghanistan by attacking militant sanctuaries on its side of the border. But the relationship between the two countries has often been strained by Pakistan's reluctance to carry out operations against key Afghan militants demanded by the US. Sign up for the Guardian Today Our editors' picks for the day's top news and commentary delivered to your inbox each morning. Sign up for the daily email Print this Share Contact us Send to a friend Sender's name Recipient's email address Your IP address will be logged Share Short link for this page: http://gu.com/p/2mnn7 StumbleUpon reddit Tumblr Digg LinkedIn del.icio.us Facebook Twitter Contact us Report errors or inaccuracies: reader@theguardian.com Letters for publication should be sent to: guardian.letters@theguardian.com If you need help using the site: userhelp@theguardian.com Call the main Guardian and Observer switchboard: +44 (0)20 3353 2000 Advertising guide License/buy our content Article history About this article Pakistani court blocks release of US man This article was published on the Guardian website at 04.58 EST on Tuesday 1 February 2011. A version appeared in the Guardian on Tuesday 1 February 2011. It was last modified at 15.50 EDT on Tuesday 17 June 2014. World news Pakistan · US foreign policy · United States More news Share Tweet this Email On the Guardian today Music Nicki Minaj's Anaconda cover artwork: too racy for its own good? World news Calls for NYPD chokehold investigation grow after funeral for Eric Garner Science 'Extreme solar storm' could have pulled the plug on Earth World news Isis orders all girls and women in Mosul to undergo FGM, UN report says Life and style Kids, guns and the American way World news Gaza violence spreads to West Bank with six Palestinians reportedly killed Today's best video The Guardian Film Show Critics Xan Brooks, Peter Bradshaw and Henry Barnes review this week's big releases, including Hercules, The Galapagos Affair and Joe A day in the life of a 'Boris' bike London cyclists offer their views on hire bikes and cycling in the capital From Scotland With Love Alexis Petridis recommends King Creosote's soundtrack to a heartfelt film about Scotland Malorie Blackman: my quest for diversity in children's books Children's laureate interviewed by a teenager On World news Most viewed Latest Last 24 hours 1.  Gaza violence spreads to West Bank with six Palestinians reportedly killed 2. Iraq: Isis warns women to wear full veil or face punishment 3. Gaza crisis: Israel rejects US ceasefire proposal - live updates 4. Calls for NYPD chokehold investigation grow after funeral for Eric Garner 5. Isis orders all girls and women in Mosul to undergo FGM, UN report says More most viewed Last 24 hours 1.  Gaza crisis: Israel rejects US ceasefire proposal - live updates 2. MH17: Australia and Netherlands join renewed push to secure crash site 3. EU expands Russian oligarch sanctions blacklist in wake of MH17 crash 4. US diplomats admit contact in Yemen with missing citizen Sharif Mobley 5. House votes to block president from sending US troops to fight in Iraq All today's stories tag setTimeout("cleanUpExtraWeirdLinkCreatedBySomeOtherScriptThatOnlyExistsOnOnePageThatICantFineAwesomesauce()", 1000); setTimeout("cleanUpExtraWeirdLinkCreatedBySomeOtherScriptThatOnlyExistsOnOnePageThatICantFineAwesomesauce()", 2500); Sponsored feature Today in pictures BBC Sports Personality of the Year – in pictures Bradley Wiggins capped his remarkable sporting year by taking home the big prize at the ceremony in London Dinner, dusk and dancing Russians: my best winter shot A glass of wine with a rough sleeper, Santa in trunks, a thousand partying Muscovites … in a My Best Shot special, top photographers pick the image that sums up winter for them Monkey adopts kitten – in pictures Kimon, an eight-year-old pet female long-tailed monkey, treats a kitten as her baby in Bintan Island, Indonesia License/buy our content | Privacy policy | Terms of service | US advertising | A - Z index | About us © 2014 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved. Share Tweet this The link you clicked on is trying to take you to a scam site. Please close your browser and delete the email containing the link. ; '); } // <" + "/script>"; script += "\n "; script += "\nvar pvar = { cid: 'uk-305078h', content: '0', server: 'secure-uk' };"; script += "\nvar feat = { landing_page: 0 };"; script += "\nvar trac = nol_t(pvar, feat);"; script += "\ntrac.record().post();"; script += "\n<" + "/script>"; jQ("#n-analytics-placeholder").writeCapture().replaceWith(script); } ); }
http://www.foxnews.com/world/2011/02/01/pakistani-court-blocks-release-american-suspect/
Search Sign in to comment! Login World Home U.N. Conflicts Terrorism Disasters Global Economy Environment Religion Scandals Regions Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports On Air Fox News Fox Business Fox News Latino Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Menu FoxNews.com Search A Pakistani court ordered the government Tuesday not to release an American official arrested in the shooting deaths of two Pakistanis despite U.S. insistence that he has diplomatic immunity and has been detained illegally.<\/p>", baynoteOrOutbrain:"outbrain", commenting: "true", partnerInfo: {"partner": {"source": "","info": []}} }; var disqus_identifier = "a0d6186c86034310VgnVCM100000d7c1a8c0RCRD"; var disqus_category_id = "462852"; var disqus_developer = 1; World Home U.N. Conflicts Terrorism Disasters Global Economy Environment Religion Scandals Regions World Pakistani Court Blocks Release of American Diplomat Suspect Published February 01, 2011 Associated Press Facebook Twitter livefyre Jan. 28: A U.S. consulate employee is escorted by police and officials out of court after facing a judge in Lahore.Reuters LAHORE, Pakistan –  A Pakistani court ordered the government Tuesday not to release an American official arrested in the shooting deaths of two Pakistanis despite U.S. insistence that he has diplomatic immunity and has been detained illegally. Lahore High Court Chief Justice Ijaz Chaudhry also told the government to place the American on the "exit control list" so that he cannot leave the country. Some legal experts questioned whether the court had the authority to issue such orders, but the rulings could further complicate what has become a serious diplomatic spat between the two countries. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT The U.S. Embassy in Islamabad has argued that the American, who it has not named, acted in self-defense when he shot the two men in Lahore last Thursday because they were trying to rob him at gunpoint. It has issued several statements insisting he has diplomatic immunity and demanding he be released. A copy of the American's passport obtained by The Associated Press identifies him as 36-year-old Raymond Allen Davis. Pakistani officials have seemingly gone out of their way to avoid taking responsibility for deciding whether Davis should be released, likely because of possible backlash in a country where anti-American sentiment is rife despite billions of dollars in U.S. aid. When asked whether the American has diplomatic immunity, federal government officials, including the president and the prime minister, have said they must wait until provincial legal officials finish their review — or have pointed their fingers at other federal ministries that must decide. Local officials in Punjab province, where Lahore is the capital, have said it is up to the federal government, not provincial authorities, to decide whether Davis has diplomatic immunity. If not, provincial prosecutors have said they will pursue murder charges. The national and provincial governments are controlled by rival political parties, and Davis' case could be caught up in this competition. Chaudhry, the chief justice, demanded that the federal government determine whether the American has diplomatic immunity within 15 days and said he would review the final decision himself. But Azhar Sadique, a senior constitutional lawyer, said the court was overreaching — behavior for which it has been criticized in the past. "As far as the issue of diplomatic immunity is concerned, this issue must be decided by the two (national) governments or by the international court of justice," said Sadique. He also said that only a trial court or the government could prevent a person from leaving the country. Despite the questionable jurisdiction, Punjab's deputy attorney general, Naveed Malik, said before the ruling that the provincial government would accept any decision by the Lahore High Court about Davis. The court issued its rulings after hearing a petition from a local lawyer who feared Pakistan would release the American as a result of U.S. pressure. A third man died when he was allegedly hit by an American car that rushed to the scene to help Davis. Pakistani police have said they want to question the driver of that vehicle as well. Many Pakistanis already regard the U.S. with suspicion or enmity because of its occupation of neighboring Afghanistan and regular missile attacks against militant targets in Pakistan's northwest. Islamist and rightwing opponents of Washington and the U.S.-allied government here have said the recent shooting was a further example of American brutality. The U.S. has said Davis was a member of the embassy's technical and administrative staff but has not clearly identified his job or explained why he was carrying a gun. The lack of clarity has fueled media speculation that he may be a CIA agent or security contractor and raised questions about whether he qualified for diplomatic immunity. Washington has made strengthening ties with Pakistan a top priority and is committed to giving it $7.5 billion dollars in civilian aid, one of its largest programs anywhere in the world. It wants to secure the country's help in stabilizing Afghanistan by attacking militant sanctuaries on its side of the border. But the relationship between the two countries has often been strained by Pakistan's reluctance to carry out operations against key Afghan militants demanded by the U.S. Advertisement Trending in World 1 Lunch special: Pope lines up for self-serve meal 2 Israel surprised by number, sophistication of Gaza tunnels 3 Norway: group from Syria en route to commit terror 4 Israel says soldier Hamas claimed was captured in Gaza confirmed dead 5 France sends military to guard Air Algerie wreck; black box found See all Trends Fox News Salutes More Defense cuts raises concern for security, military families Gay US Mil Spouses Get Same Protections in Italy Retired military dogs deserve a new leash on life Advertisement Site Index Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather On Air Tools Live Video Trending uReport Newsletters Alerts Blogs Mobile Podcasts Radio Fox News Store Apps & Downloads About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ad Choices Contact Us Email Newsroom FAQ Media Relations Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn RSS Newsletters Fox News Back to Top This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2014 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes. Privacy - Terms - FAQ
http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/asia/us-official-accused-of-murder-is-barred-from-leaving-pakistan-2201469.html
= 1280) { fn_pageskin = "yes"; } googletag.defineSlot(unitName, [8, 8], "inskin8x8").addService(googletag.pubads()).setTargeting("inskin", fn_pageskin).setTargeting("article", articleId); // Partner 300x150 ad googletag.defineSlot(unitNamePartner, [300, 150], "partnersmall").addService(googletag.pubads()).setTargeting("target", "ps").setTargeting("kw", articleId).setTargeting("ord", ordValue1); // Partner 300x250_1 ad googletag.defineSlot(unitNamePartner, [300, 250], "partner300x250_1").addService(googletag.pubads()).setTargeting("target", "ps").setTargeting("kw", articleId).setTargeting("ord", ordValue1); // Partner 300x250_2 ad googletag.defineSlot(unitNamePartner, [300, 250], "partner300x250_2").addService(googletag.pubads()).setTargeting("target", "psmpu2").setTargeting("kw", articleId).setTargeting("ord", ordValue1); //googletag.pubads().enableSingleRequest(); //googletag.pubads().refresh(); googletag.pubads().collapseEmptyDivs(); googletag.pubads().enableAsyncRendering(); googletag.enableServices(); }); Friday 25 July 2014 Sign in Your comment has been successfully submitted Apps eBooks i Jobs Dating Shop News UK Home News UK Politics Scottish independence Crime Weird News World Europe Americas Middle East Asia Africa Australasia World Politics World History Novaya Gazeta (English) US Elections US Elections Battleground WW1 Moments Business Business News Business Comment Business Analysis & Features Sharewatch SME Market News Market Epic Market Heatmaps Market Screener Business Directory ES Business Connections People Science Environment Climate Change Green Living Nature Media Opinion TV & Radio Press Online Advertising Technology Education News Schools Further Higher Primary Tables 2011 Secondary Tables 2012 Training & Courses MBA & Executive Images Obituaries Diary Corrections Newsletter Appeals Images People Voices Sport Tech Life Property Arts + Ents Travel Money IndyBest Student Offers How to deal with Putin Booker Prize Can you screw your way to the top? George Osborne Greece Michael Gove News > World > Asia US official accused of murder is barred from leaving Pakistan By Andrew Buncombe , Asia Correspondent Wednesday 02 February 2011 Print You must provide a valid email address in this field Thank you! Your email has been successfully sent. Your friend's email address Your email address Note: We do not store your email address(es) but your IP address will be logged to prevent abuse of this feature. Please read our Legal Terms & Policies A A A Email A court in Lahore has ordered the Pakistani government not to release an American official arrested over a double shooting in the city and said that his name should be added to the "exit control list" so that he cannot leave the country. In the latest twist to an incident that has become a stand-off between America and a country it considers a vital regional ally, the Lahore High Court gave the authorities in Islamabad 15 days to determine whether or not the US citizen had diplomatic immunity. Until then, the court said, Raymond Davis will remain in custody. "I am restraining him [from being handed over to US authorities]," said the court's chief justice, Ijaz Ahmed Chaudhry. "Whether he has or does not have [diplomatic] immunity will be decided by the court." Mr Davis, 36, an employee at the US consulate in Lahore, was arrested last week after an incident in which he allegedly shot dead two armed Pakistani men on a motorbike who he said were intending to rob him. A third Pakistani citizen was killed when another vehicle from the consulate answered a call for assistance from Mr Davis and rushed to the scene, hitting several pedestrians. The US embassy in Islamabad has said that Mr Davis, who served as a "technical adviser" at the consulate, is a diplomat who has immunity from prosecution. The embassy has demanded that the Pakistani authorities release him. "He cannot be lawfully arrested or detained in accordance with the Vienna Convention," the US state department spokesman Philip Crowley told reporters in Washington this week. The Pakistani authorities, cautious of being seen to give in to American pressure and antagonising public opinion, seem reluctant to do so, saying it is important that the matter be decided by the courts. When President Asif Ali Zardari was asked about the issue this week by a delegation of US Congressmen, he is said to have replied: "It would be prudent to wait for the legal course to be completed." The killings in Lahore sparked a fresh wave of anti-Americanism in Pakistan and the media has been quick to question Mr Davis's version of events. While there are those who are inclined to give him the benefit of the doubt after it emerged that the two people he killed had been carrying weapons, questions remain about his role at the embassy and the reason why the US authorities will not confirm his identity. The US television network ABC has reported that Mr Davis is a private security officer with experience in the US special forces. What appears certain is that Mr Davis is not a regular diplomat; a doctor who made post-mortem examinations on the men who were shot said they were hit multiple times in the head, back, arm, chest, kidney and abdomen. Mr Davis was apparently firing through the windscreen of his vehicle at the time. There are clear signs that no politician or official wants to be seen to making a decision that will decide the fate of Mr Davis and they may instead be waiting for a face-saving development to emerge. The issue may be further complicated by the fact that the provincial authorities in Punjab, of which Lahore is the capital, are controlled by the opposition Pakistan Muslim League-N, headed by Nawaz Sharif. They have little reason to make things easy for the federal government. Suggested Topics Diplomacy Islamabad Lahore Windscreen World News in Pictures Enter URL: Enter URL: News 'He's worth idolising' peopleSusan Sarandon reveals more on her David Bowie romance Sport Look who's back sportDidier Drogba returns to Chelsea on one-year deal News Former QPR teammates Barton and Benayoun clash over Gaza conflict people Arts and Entertainment Not in front of the kids! filmFifty Shades of Grey trailer provokes moral outrage in US PROMOTED VIDEO News Robert Fisk on Israel: The Obama Years ebookA unique anthology of reporting and analysis of a crucial period of history Sport Five things we’ve learned so far about Man United under Louis van Gaal football Voices 'The economy may be back on track, but ordinary people are being left behind' voicesJames Moore: As the Tories rub their hands together, the average voter will be asking why they're not getting a piece of the action Sport Lovren on the verge of Liverpool switch sport News Nobody’s laughing newsComedy club forced to apologise as maggots eating a dead pigeon fall out of air-conditioning Arts and Entertainment 'X Factor and BGT wheel on people with mental health problems' tvJo Brand says shows encourage people to laugh at the vulnerable Life and Style Watching TV after work makes you feel 'guilty and like a failure' life Sport Welsh hurdles champion Rhys Williams suspended over doping charge commonwealth games News UN says Isis forcing women into FGM in Iraq – but is the claim based on a Twitter hoax? i100 Arts and Entertainment Captivating Nicolas Cage is no ordinary Joe filmReview: Actor delivers astonishing performance in low budget drama Life and Style Condom couture fashionLatex dresses hit the catwalk to raise awareness for HIV and Aids Travel Hold on tight: Best theme parks in the UK travel Independent Travel Shop Up to 70% off luxury travel on city breaks Find out more Up to 70% off luxury travel on chic beach resorts Find out more Up to 70% off luxury travel on country retreats Find out more Please provide search keyword(s) Advanced Search Article archive Topics "+(e+1)+" "+ t.headline +" "); }); } }); }); Most Shared Most Viewed Most Commented 1 Malaysian cyclist could face disciplinary action after 'Save Gaza' gloves protest 2 Is Gideon Levy the most hated man in Israel or just the most heroic? 3 McDonald’s removes chicken nuggets from the menu in Hong Kong amid major food scare 4 Students offered grants if they tweet pro-Israeli propaganda 5 Satellite full of sexually experimental geckos adrift in space, Russia loses control of mission Israel-Gaza conflict: Israeli targeting policy under scrutiny after shellfire hits a mother and child, a school full of refugees and a doctor’s home Iraq crisis: Isis orders Mosul shop keepers to cover mannequins Comic Con 2014 attendees   Students offered grants if they tweet pro-Israeli propaganda McDonald’s removes chicken nuggets from the menu in Hong Kong amid major food scare Malaysia Airlines MH17 crash: Vladimir Putin is given 'one last chance' to end hostilities in Ukraine Oliver Poole The 'scroungers’ fight back: The welfare claimants battling to alter stereotypes Emily Dugan The truth about conspiracy theories is that some require considering Patrick Cockburn Arizona execution lasts two hours as killer Joseph Wood left 'snorting and gasping' for air David Usborne Malaysia Airlines MH17 crash: Ukrainian military jet was flying close to passenger plane before it was shot down, says Russian officer Natasha Culzac Malaysia Airlines MH17 crash: Massive rise in sale of British arms to Russia Cahal Milmo independent images Comic Con 2014 attendees   Taiwan plane crash Costa Concordia’s last voyage Israel-Gaza conflict  Flower beards trend Malaysia Airlines flight MH17 crash  World news in pictures UK news in pictures Arts + Ents news in pictures  Sport news in pictures < Previous 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Next > SPONSORED FEATURES Topman: Tips from top stylists Shop London has teamed up with Topman. View the latest film clips shot at Topman Oxford Circus, plus your chance to win a £1,500 voucher. Win a holiday The Gambia London Trend Join the party Holiday wardrobe i100 Sun Set Style #editme Prizes & offers Business videos Win a tailor-made trip to Graubünden, Switzerland’s No. 1 holiday destination Discover Swiss alpine holidays – your way Topman The Gambia London Trend Join the party Holiday wardrobe i100 Sun Set Style #editme Prizes & offers Business videos The Gambia in the Summer The Gambia may be the smallest country in mainland Africa but this is no reflection of it rich versatile offering. Topman Win a holiday London Trend Join the party Holiday wardrobe i100 Sun Set Style #editme Prizes & offers Business videos #fashionhappy film competition Calling all fashionistas! Enter our film competition to win a £2,000 Westfield Gift Card plus an internship at London Live. Topman Win a holiday The Gambia Join the party Holiday wardrobe i100 Sun Set Style #editme Prizes & offers Business videos Join the party With Prudential RideLondon taking place on 9 and 10 August, it is worth finding out where the best places to spectate are during the weekend Topman Win a holiday The Gambia London Trend Holiday wardrobe i100 Sun Set Style #editme Prizes & offers Business videos Update your holiday wardrobe Update your holiday wardrobe with tropical prints, the perfect pair of sandals and some seriously stylish swimwear to make a splash in. Bon voyage. Topman Win a holiday The Gambia London Trend Join the party i100 Sun Set Style #editme Prizes & offers Business videos i100: Summer Lifehacks This is the only wallet you need at the beach this year (and 15 other lifehacks to get you through summer) Topman Win a holiday The Gambia London Trend Join the party Holiday wardrobe Sun Set Style #editme Prizes & offers Business videos Sun Set Style After a hard day spent sunbathing, breeze into dusk with relaxed separates and sunset hues. Polish it off with shimmering details and an Aperol spritz Topman Win a holiday The Gambia London Trend Join the party Holiday wardrobe i100 #editme Prizes & offers Business videos Get the look. See the trends. Westfield and Snapfashion team up to create a new digital styling tool. Create a style board or browse this season's trends. #editme. Topman Win a holiday The Gambia London Trend Join the party Holiday wardrobe i100 Sun Set Style Prizes & offers Business videos Enter the latest Independent competitions Win anything from gadgets to five-star holidays on our competitions and offers page. Topman Win a holiday The Gambia London Trend Join the party Holiday wardrobe i100 Sun Set Style #editme Business videos Business videos from commercial thought leaders Watch the best in the business world give their insights into the world of business. Topman Win a holiday The Gambia London Trend Join the party Holiday wardrobe i100 Sun Set Style #editme Prizes & offers Independent Dating Show Me Women Men Between: 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 50 51 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 59 60+ and   18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 50 51 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 59 60+ Location: -- Select -- Avon Bedfordshire Berkshire Borders Buckinghamshire Cambridgeshire Central Cheshire Cleveland Clwyd Cornwall County Antrim County Armagh County Down County Durham County Fermanagh County Londonderry County Tyrone Cumbria Derbyshire Devon Dorset Dumfries and Galloway Dyfed East Sussex Essex Fife Gloucester Grampian Greater Manchester Guernsey Gwent Gwynedd Hampshire Hereford and Worcester Hertfordshire Highlands Humberside Isle of Man Isle of Wight Jersey Kent Lancashire Leicestershire Lincolnshire London Lothian Merseyside Mid Glamorgan Norfolk North Yorkshire Northamptonshire Northumberland Nottinghamshire Orkney Oxfordshire Powys Sark Shetland Shropshire Somerset South Glamorgan South Yorkshire Staffordshire Strathclyde Suffolk Surrey Tayside Tyne and Wear Warwickshire West Glamorgan West Midlands West Sussex West Yorkshire Western Isles Wiltshire By clicking 'Search' you are agreeing to our Terms of Use. iJobs General Senior Risk Manager - Banking - London - £650 £600 - £650 per day: Orgtel: Conduct Risk Liaison Manager - Banking - London -... Commercial Litigation Associate Highly Attractive Package: Austen Lloyd: CITY - COMMERCIAL LITIGATION - GLOBAL... Systems Manager - Dynamics AX £65000 - £75000 per annum + Benefits: Progressive Recruitment: The client is a... Service Delivery Manager (Software Development, Testing) £40000 - £45000 per annum: Ashdown Group: A well-established software house ba... View the latest from iJobs Day In a Page Sun Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 January February March April May June July August September October November December 1992 1993 1994 1995 1996 1997 1998 1999 2000 2001 2002 2003 2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 Go Bribery and abuses of power soar in China The bribery is fuelled by the surge in China's economy but the rules of corruption are subtle and unspoken, finds Evan Osnos, as he learns the dark arts from a master Highland terriers steal the show at opening ceremony Gillian Orr explores why a dog loved by film stars and presidents is finally having its day Brewing the fat from artwork angers widow of sculptor Part of Joseph Beuys' 1982 sculpture 'Fettecke' used to distil schnapps BBC takes viewers back down memory lane The Secret History of Our Streets, which returns with three films looking at Scottish streets, is the inverse of Benefits Street - delivering warmth instead of cynicism Nicolas Cage shines in low-budget drama Joe Cage plays an ex-con in David Gordon Green's independent drama, which has been adapted from a novel by Larry Brown Make your own ice lollies and frozen yoghurt Think outside the cool box for this summer's tempting frozen treats Fiesta is UK's most popular car of all-time Sales have topped 4.1 million since 1976. To celebrate this milestone, four Independent writers recall their Fiestas with pride Heaven scent: 10 best reed diffusers Keep your rooms smelling summery and fresh with one of these subtle but distinctive home fragrances that’ll last you months Female boxers set to compete at Commonwealth Games for first time There’s no favourites and with no headguards anything could happen Five things we’ve learned so far about United under Van Gaal It’s impossible to avoid the impression that the Dutch manager is playing to the gallery a little Screwing your way to the top? Good for Lana Del Rey for helping kill that myth, says Grace Dent Will Britons fighting in Syria be able to resume their lives? Tony Blair's Terrorism Act 2006 has made it an offence to take part in military action abroad with a "political, ideological, religious or racial motive" Beyoncé poses as Rosie the Riveter The wartime poster girl became the ultimate American symbol of female empowerment The quest to find the perfect pair of earphones Earphones don't fit properly, offer mediocre audio quality and can even be painful. So the quest to design the perfect pair is music to Seth Stevenson's ears Meet the US Army's shooting star Lt-Col Steven Cole is the man Hollywood calls when it wants to borrow a tank or check a military uniform Terms & Policies Privacy Policy Cookie policy Code of Conduct Complaint form Email newsletters RSS Live Blogs i100 Contact Us Subscriptions Apps Work for us Evening Standard Homes & Property iJobs Advertising Guide Syndication Novaya Gazeta (English) ES Business Connections ES Rentals London Live © independent.co.uk Please provide search keyword(s) Advanced Search Article archive Topics
