http://www.nhtsa.gov/PR/DOT-16-11
Skip to Main Content Skip to Main Navigation Accessible menu--Sitemap Driving Safety Driving Safety Home Aggressive Driving Bicycles Child Safety at Parents Central Distracted Driving at Distraction.gov Enforcement & Justice Services Impaired Driving Motorcycles Occupant Protection Older Drivers Pedestrians Research & Evaluation School Buses Community Traffic Safety Teen Drivers Vehicle Safety Vehicle Safety Home Air Bags Brakes Odometer Fraud Other Equipment Recalls & Defects Test Procedures Tires Vehicle-Related Theft Research Research Home Biomechanics & Trauma Behavioral Research Crash Avoidance Crash Injury Research (CIREN) Crashworthiness Databases and Software Driver Simulation (NADS) Enhanced Safety of Vehicles (ESV) Event Data Recorder (EDR) Human Factors Child Seat Research Public Meetings Vehicle Research & Testing (VRTC) Data Data Home National Automotive Sampling System (NASS) National Driver Register (NDR) Special Crash Investigations (SCI) State Data Programs Traffic Records Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) Laws & Regulations Laws & Regulations Home Air Bags Brakes CAFE - Fuel Economy Child Passenger Safety Disabled Drivers and Passengers Electronic Stability Control (ESC) Manufacturer Info Other Equipment Seat Belts Tires Vehicles About NHTSA About NHTSA Home About the Administrator Congressional Testimony Jobs at NHTSA Presentations & Speeches Press Releases Programs & Grants Traffic Techs Subscribe   Sign up for Email Updates Search   Home About NHTSA Home About the Administrator Congressional Testimony Jobs at NHTSA Presentations & Speeches Press Releases Programs & Grants Traffic Techs Chat Twitter Facebook YouTube Print U.S. Department of Transportation Releases Results from NHTSA-NASA Study of Unintended Acceleration in Toyota Vehicles  DOT 16-11 Tuesday, February 8, 2011 Contact: Olivia Alair Tel: (202) 366-4570 WASHINGTON, DC -- The U.S. Department of Transportation released results from an unprecedented ten-month study of potential electronic causes of unintended acceleration in Toyota vehicles. The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) launched the study last spring at the request of Congress, and enlisted NASA engineers with expertise in areas such as computer controlled electronic systems, electromagnetic interference and software integrity to conduct new research into whether electronic systems or electromagnetic interference played a role in incidents of unintended acceleration. NASA engineers found no electronic flaws in Toyota vehicles capable of producing the large throttle openings required to create dangerous high-speed unintended acceleration incidents. The two mechanical safety defects identified by NHTSA more than a year ago – “sticking” accelerator pedals and a design flaw that enabled accelerator pedals to become trapped by floor mats – remain the only known causes for these kinds of unsafe unintended acceleration incidents. Toyota has recalled nearly 8 million vehicles in the United States for these two defects. U.S. Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood said, “We enlisted the best and brightest engineers to study Toyota’s electronics systems, and the verdict is in. There is no electronic-based cause for unintended high-speed acceleration in Toyotas." In conducting their report, NASA engineers evaluated the electronic circuitry in Toyota vehicles and analyzed more than 280,000 lines of software code for any potential flaws that could initiate an unintended acceleration incident. At the Goddard Space Flight Center in Maryland, NASA hardware and systems engineers rigorously examined and tested mechanical components of Toyota vehicles that could result in an unwanted throttle opening. At a special facility in Michigan, NHTSA and NASA engineers bombarded vehicles with electromagnetic radiation to study whether such radiation could cause malfunctions resulting in unintended acceleration. NHTSA engineers and researchers also tested Toyota vehicles at NHTSA’s Vehicle Research and Test Center in East Liberty, Ohio to determine whether there were any additional mechanical causes for unintended acceleration and whether any of the test scenarios developed during the NHTSA-NASA investigation could actually occur in real-world conditions. "NASA found no evidence that a malfunction in electronics caused large unintended accelerations," said Michael Kirsch, Principal Engineer at the NASA Engineering and Safety Center (NESC). While NASA and NHTSA have identified no electronic cause of dangerous unintended acceleration incidents in Toyota vehicles or any new mechanical causes beyond sticking pedals and accelerator pedal entrapment, NHTSA is considering taking several new actions as the result of today’s findings, including: Propose rules, by the end of 2011, to require brake override systems, to standardize operation of keyless ignition systems, and to require the installation of event data recorders in all passenger vehicles; Begin broad research on the reliability and security of electronic control systems; Research the placement and design of accelerator and brake pedals, as well as driver usage of pedals, to determine whether design and placement can be improved to reduce pedal misapplication. NHTSA and NASA will also brief the National Academy of Sciences panel currently conducting a broad review of unintended acceleration and electronic throttle control systems on the reports released today. “While today marks the end of our study with NASA, our work to protect millions of American drivers continues,” said NHTSA Administrator David Strickland. “The record number of voluntary recalls initiated by automakers last year is also very good news, and shows that we can work cooperatively with industry to protect consumers." Based on objective event data recorder (EDR) readings and crash investigations conducted as part of NHTSA’s report, NHTSA is researching whether better placement and design of accelerator and brake pedals can reduce pedal misapplication, which occurs in vehicles across the industry. NHTSA’s forthcoming rulemaking to require brake override systems in all passenger vehicles will further help ensure that braking can take precedence over the accelerator pedal in emergency situations. The ongoing National Academy of Sciences study, which will examine unintended acceleration and electronic vehicle controls across the entire automotive industry, will also make recommendations to NHTSA. The NAS study was launched in spring 2010 alongside the NHTSA-NASA investigation and will be finalized later in 2011. In 2009 and 2010, Toyota recalled nearly eight million vehicles as part of the sticky pedal and pedal entrapment recalls. Toyota also paid $48.8 million in civil penalties as the result of NHTSA investigations into the timeliness of several safety recalls last year. Across the industry, automakers voluntarily initiated a record number of safety recalls in 2010. NASA Report Executive Summary and Findings NASA Complete Report NHTSA Report Executive Summary and Findings NHTSA Complete Report Additional Information and Supporting Documentation FACT SHEET: Unintended Acceleration in Toyota Vehicles -- Background & Timeline Toyota has recalled nearly eight million vehicles in the United States for two mechanical safety defects that can cause unintended acceleration: ‘sticking’ accelerator pedals and a design flaw that can cause accelerator pedals to become trapped by floor mats. When NHTSA first identified the two defects more than a year ago, the agency pushed Toyota to conduct recalls quickly. Toyota later paid nearly $33 million in civil penalties as the result of investigations into whether the company notified NHTSA in a timely manner about these defects. During Congressional hearings on the Toyota recalls in February 2010, Members of Congress asked NHTSA to study whether electronic or software problems in Toyota vehicles could be to blame for unintended acceleration. At Congress’ request, NHTSA simultaneously launched two studies: one designed to evaluate possible electronic causes for unintended acceleration in Toyotas, and a broader effort to look at unintended acceleration across the automotive industry. In March 2010, NHTSA enlisted top NASA engineers and experts in areas such as electromagnetic compatibility to study whether electronic flaws can cause unintended acceleration. In its final report, NASA engineers found no evidence of an electronic defect in Toyota vehicles capable of producing dangerous, high-speed unintended acceleration incidents. The two mechanical safety defects originally identified by NHTSA remain the only known causes of dangerous unintended acceleration incidents. Nevertheless, NHTSA has announced several new actions it may take as a result of their work with NASA to address the safety of vehicle electronics systems. NHTSA will consider rules to require brake override systems, standardize operation of keyless ignition systems, and require the installation of event data recorders in all passenger vehicles. NHTSA will conduct broad research on the reliability of electronic throttle control systems across the vehicle fleet. The agency will also initiate new research on driver behavior and the placement and design of floor pedals in an effort to identify strategies that can reduce pedal misapplication. The second study launched by U.S. DOT in March 2010 remains under way. The Department has enlisted the prestigious National Academy of Sciences (NAS) to undertake a broad review of unintended acceleration and electronic vehicle controls across the automotive industry. An independent panel of scientific experts at NAS is currently working to identify possible sources of unintended acceleration, including electronic vehicle controls and human error. Later in 2011, the panel will make recommendations to NHTSA on how its rulemaking, research, and defect investigation activities can help ensure the safety of electronic control systems in motor vehicles. Timeline of Major Events March 29, 2007: NHTSA opens a preliminary investigation into pedal entrapment on MY’07 Lexus ES350 models based on five consumer complaints alleging three crashes and seven injuries. The all weather floor mat is identified as the possible cause of these incidents. July 26, 2007: A fatal crash occurs in San Jose, CA involving a ‘07 Camry in which the driver suffers serious injuries and the driver of the struck vehicle is killed. The incident also appears to have been caused by a pedal trapped by an all weather floor mat. September 13, 2007: After determining the fatal San Jose crash was caused by floor mat entrapment, NHTSA tells Toyota a recall is necessary. September 26, 2007: Toyota recalls 55,000 floor mats in ’07 and ‘08 Camrys and ES350s. August 28, 2009: A fatal crash occurs in Santee, CA, involving a loaner ’09 ES350. The vehicle is found to have an all weather floor mat from another Lexus vehicle. Investigators find that the vehicle’s previous driver had reported an entrapment incident to the dealership. September 25, 2009: NHTSA meets with Toyota and tells the company that the floor mat recall is insufficient and the agency expects a recall for the defect in pedal design. Three days later, Toyota tells NHTSA the company will recall the gas pedals. October 5, 2009: Toyota recalls 3.8 million vehicles for pedal entrapment by floor mat and sends an interim letter to consumers telling them to remove floor mats. The defect remedy involves gas pedal reconfiguration, floor pan/carpeting revisions, and ‘brake pedal override’ software for vehicles with keyless ignition. December 15, 2009: NHTSA officials meet with Toyota executives in Japan to explain NHTSA’s defect recall process and underscore Toyota’s obligations under U.S. law to find and report defects promptly. Toyota commits to making improvements. January 16, 2010: Toyota informs NHTSA that certain CTS-brand pedals may have a dangerous ‘sticking’ defect. NHTSA calls an in-person meeting on January 19. January 19, 2010: At the meeting, Toyota provides field reports on sticky pedal incidents, and NHTSA tells Toyota the agency expects prompt action. Toyota informs NHTSA several hours later that the company will issue a recall. January 21, 2010: Toyota recalls 2.3 million vehicles for the sticky pedal defect. January 27, 2010: At NHTSA’s urging, Toyota expands its pedal entrapment recall to cover an additional 1.1 million vehicles. February 16, 2010: NHTSA launches an official probe into the timeliness and scope of the pedal entrapment and sticky pedal Toyota recalls. March 30, 2010: At the request of Congress, the U.S. DOT announces two studies into unintended acceleration. One looks at possible electronics causes for unintended acceleration in Toyotas; the other examines unintended acceleration and the safety of vehicle electronics across the automotive industry. April 5, 2010: NHTSA demands the maximum, $16.375 million, civil penalty on Toyota for its failure to notify the agency of the sticky pedal defect for more than four months after discovering it. Auto manufacturers are legally obligated to notify NHTSA within five business days of determining that a safety defect exists. Toyota pays the full fine on April 19. December 20, 2010: Toyota agrees to pay the maximum $16.375 million civil penalty as the result of another NHTSA investigation into whether their recall of 5.5 million vehicles for pedal entrapment was conducted in a timely manner. Other NHTSA Sites Safercar.gov TrafficSafetyMarketing.gov EMS.gov 911.gov Distraction.gov Web Policies & Notices · Terms of Use · FOIA · Privacy Policy · Accessibility · Careers · Site Map · Contact NHTSA · RSS National Highway Traffic Safety Administration 1200 New Jersey Avenue, SE, West Building, Washington, DC 20590 USA Work 1-888-327-4236 TTY TTY:1-800-424-9153
http://www.csmonitor.com/Science/2011/0208/Toyota-recall-investigation-NASA-says-electronics-are-not-to-blame
World Africa Africa Monitor Americas Latin America Monitor Asia Pacific Asia: South & Central Europe Middle East Olive Press People Making a Difference Change Agent Latest News Wires Progress Watch Security Watch Terrorism & Security Backchannels Reality Check Under the Radar Security Voices Cyber Conflict Monitor Global News Blog Global Issues Latest News Wires Specials Africa's AIDS Orphans Little Bill Clinton Hostage The Jill Carroll Story Difference Maker World Topics All World USA Politics The Vote The Monitor Breakfast Play Gaffe Dodger the presidential election game Latest News Wires DC Decoder Decoder Buzz You Asked Education Elections President House Senate Governors Vox News From the Wires Tea Party Tally Election Topics Foreign Policy Justice Military Society Sports USA Update Latest News Wires Specials Patchwork-Nation USA Topics All USA Commentary The Monitor's View Opinion Readers Respond One Minute Debate: 3 Views Common Ground, Common Good Global Viewpoint Upfront Blog Editorial Board Blog Monitor Political Cartoons Commentary Topics Specials 100 years of Monitor journalism All Commentary Business The Bite Tax VOX The New Economy Saving Money In Gear Paper Economy Guide to Giving America's Top 50 charities: How well do they rate? America's Top 50 charities in 2013 ranked by total income Robert Reich Latest News Wires Business Topics All Business Energy / Environment Alternative Energy Global Warming Energy Voices Habitat / Wildlife Latest News Wires Energy/Environment Topics All Energy / Environment Innovation Tech Tech Culture Responsible Tech Pioneers Horizons Energy Latest News Wires Innovation Topics All Innovation Science Science Topics All Science Culture Arts Music Movies Monitor Movie Guide TV Poetry Verbal Energy The Home Forum Family Modern Parenthood Food Stir It Up! Recipe Categories Gardening Diggin' It Culture Cafe Religion Articles on Christian Science Latest News Wires All Culture Books Book Reviews Chapter & Verse Readers' Picks Latest News Wires All Books Take Action 4 Free Issues Subscribe Renew Give a Gift Manage Account Science '+'\x3C/scr'+'ipt>'); } })(); Toyota recall investigation: NASA says electronics are not to blame Email More Toyota recall: NASA says that the 'sticky' accelerator pedals that killed at least 50 people and led to a recall of nearly 8 million cars last year were not the result of faulty electronics. By Clara Moskowitz, SPACE.com Senior Writer February 8, 2011 Michael Kirsch, principal engineer, NASA Engineering and Safety Center speaks about the Toyota recalls Tuesday at the Transportation Department in Washington. Alex Brandon/AP View Caption The results of a NASA study suggest faulty electronics were not to blame for the unintended acceleration in Toyota vehicles that caused the company to recall nearly 8 million U.S. cars last year. In March 2010, at the time of the recall, Toyota was unsure of the cause behind a spate of cars that would speed up without the driver's help. The Toyota problem was linked to at least 50 reported fatalities, according to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA). Eventually, the NHTSA identified two mechanical defects behind the malfunction: "sticking" accelerator pedals and a design flaw that caused the pedals to become trapped by floor mats. Recommended: Culture and Science Recalls of the 10 most expensive cars However, the NHTSA asked NASA engineers with expertise in electronic and software systems to look into consumer claims that electronic systems may have played a role. Photos of the Day Photos of the day 02/08 "NASA found no evidence that a malfunction in electronics caused large unintended accelerations," Michael Kirsch, principal engineer and team leader of the NASA study, said in a statement. The results of the NASA study were announced today (Feb. 8). The NASA personnel were called on not only for their technological know-how, but for their experience in probing into the root cause of a problem. The NASA study was led out of the agency's NASA Engineering and Safety Center at NASA's Langley Research Center in Hampton, Va., which was established in 2003 to investigate the causes of the space shuttle Columbia accident, in which seven astronauts lost their lives when the orbiter was destroyed re-entering Earth's atmosphere. The NASA team examined computer-controlled electronic systems, electromagnetic interference and software to assess whether any of these systems played a part in causing the cars to accidentally accelerate. "We enlisted the best and brightest engineers to study Toyota's electronics systems, and the verdict is in," U.S. Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood said. The NASA Engineering and Safety Center has investigated about 400 independent technical assessments. More recently, the team helped out during the Chilean mining situation to suggest design requirements for a system to rescue the trapped miners. Recalls of the 10 most expensive cars You can follow SPACE.com senior writer Clara Moskowitz on Twitter @ClaraMoskowitz. Related Stories Toyota recall investigation reports cars are 'safe' Why Pocketbook Issues Captivate Washington Car recalls: Can Toyota keep American devotion? What'd we miss? Tell us what angles to cover next. Share this story: More Email Print About these ads About these ads We want to hear, did we miss an angle we should have covered? Should we come back to this topic? Or just give us a rating for this story. We want to hear from you. Your name: Your e-mail address: Your comment: Loading... Loading... Loading... Stay Current. Go Far. Discover the Monitor Difference About Contact Us Subscribe E-Readers Advertise With Us Careers Find us online Content Map Text Multimedia Corrections Articles on Christian Science © The Christian Science Monitor. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy.
http://www.nytimes.com/2011/02/09/opinion/09wed2.html
Help Home Page Today's Paper Video Most Popular Please Log In PLEASE LOG IN Log in to manage your products and services from The New York Times and the International New York Times. Don't have an account yet? Create an account » Subscribed through iTunes and need an NYTimes.com account? Learn more » Email or Member ID Password Forgot Password? Remember Me Log In Contact Us NYTimes.com » Home Delivery » © 2014 The New York Times Company Site Map Privacy Your Ad Choices Advertise Terms of Sale Terms of Service Work With Us RSS Help Contact Us Site Feedback
http://money.cnn.com/2011/02/08/autos/nhtsa_nasa_toyota_final_report/
Homepage U.S. International Log In Log Out CNNMoney Video Portfolio Home Business Markets Investing Economy Tech Personal Finance Small Business Luxury Media Twitter Facebook Pedals, drivers blamed for out of control Toyotas Toyota recalled millions of cars for problems related to unintended acceleration. By Peter Valdes-Dapena, senior writer February 8, 2011: 10:09 PM ET Follow Peter on Twitter: @PeterDrives NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- An intensive 10 month investigation into possible causes of unintended acceleration in Toyota cars found no fault with the automaker's electronic throttle control systems, the Department of Transportation announced Tuesday. So far there are three known causes of unintended acceleration in Toyota vehicles: improperly installed floor mats, sticky pedals, and driver error. Email Print U.S. Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood said, "We enlisted the best and brightest engineers to study Toyota's electronics systems, and the verdict is in. There is no electronic-based cause for unintended high-speed acceleration in Toyotas." NHTSA enlisted the help of NASA scientists and engineers. The agency said their expertise in areas such as computer controlled electronic systems, electromagnetic interference and software integrity would be a big help. Despite a string of recalls for other problems, Toyota has long insisted that the electronic controls in its cars are safe. "We believe this rigorous scientific analysis by some of America's foremost engineers should further reinforce confidence in the safety of Toyota and Lexus vehicles," Toyota's chief quality officer Steve St. Angelo said in a company statement. Toyota recalled nearly 8 million vehicles in 2008 and 2009 for defects related to gas pedals -- including sticky pedals and floor mat obstruction -- as a result of complaints of unwanted acceleration. So far, those two problems remain the only known causes of unintended acceleration in Toyota vehicles, NHTSA said. But NHTSA also mentioned another possible cause: drivers pushing the gas instead of the brakes. Many drivers may have confused the gas and brake pedals a problem that may account for "the vast majority" of the unintended acceleration incidents the agency investigated, NHTSA deputy administrator Ron Medford said at Tuesday's NHTSA press briefing. "What mostly happened was pedal misapplication where the driver stepped on the gas instead of the brake or in addition to the brake," Medford said. "Unintended acceleration is not exclusive to Toyotas," Medford said, pointing out that two-thirds of the unintended acceleration reports the agency has received in recent years involved vehicles by other automakers. "I think this is good news for people who own Toyotas," said David Champion, head of auto testing for Consumer Reports magazine, "They can breathe a sigh of relief." Toyota has paid $48.8 million in civil fines to settle accusations by NHTSA that the automaker did not respond in a timely manner to report and correct defects for which it ultimately recalled cars. Some critics of the automaker at the time were not satisfied that those two problems were the only ones to blame for for the growing number of reports that Toyotas were accelerating out of control. They pointed to the electronic throttle control system as another possible culprit. A common feature in newer vehicles, electronic throttle control uses sensors and computer chips to pass commands between the vehicles' gas pedal and the engine to control a car's speed instead of the simple mechanical connection used in older cars. While some safety advocates have pointed to an increase in reports of unintended acceleration after Toyota switched to using electronic throttle control, NASA said in its report that it found no such correlation. Reports of sudden acceleration in Toyota cars did spike whenever there was national publicity focused on the issue, however, NASA said. With the completion of the Toyota investigation, NHTSA said it would begin a broader look at the reliability and safety of electronics systems in modern automobiles. Congress ordered the DOT to investigate whether there might be a problem with those electronic controls. The study was launched last spring. As part of the study, the agencies ran tests at a Chrysler Group LLC testing facility in Auburn Hills, Mich. headquarters in which researchers bombarded Toyota vehicles with electromagnetic radiation to see if they could cause any malfunctions that might lead to unintended acceleration. Toyota Motor Co. has also provided NASA software engineers with "unrestricted access" to the computer code used to control the electronic throttle control systems. The software engineers have been combing through the code looking for anything that might cause a car to accelerate out of control under any circumstances, NHTSA said. Also, scientists at NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center and NHTSA East Liberty, Ohio, research center have been examining cars and Toyota throttle systems, searching for any defects that might cause unwanted acceleration. This summer, NHTSA released the results of some investigations into Toyota sudden acceleration incidents. Those investigations specifically looked into 58 alleged unintended acceleration cases. These investigations suggested that drivers themselves may have been partly at fault. At that time the agency stressed that the results were preliminary. 0:00 / 2:14 Toyota probe: The verdict is in Although Toyota sales have suffered, much of the automaker's sales decline is due to an aging model line-up more than concerns over safety problems, analysts say. Toyota now includes "brake override" on all its new vehicles. This system automatically cuts engine power as soon as the brake pedal is pressed in order to prevent unwanted acceleration. NHTSA said that, by the end of this year, it would propose a rule requiring brake override on all new vehicles. NHTSA also said it plans to propose requirements for standardized operation of push-button keyless ignition systems in cars and to require the installation of Event Data Recorders, devices that record various data including gas pedal and brake usage immediately before and after a major crash. NHTSA will also research the design and placement of gas and brake pedals in cars to help reduce the possibility of drivers mistakenly pressing the wrong pedal. Also NASA says that while, in most cars, brake problems result in an unmistakable red dashboard warning light, problems with the gas pedal or throttle result only in a "check engine" light that could indicate any number of other, less urgent problems. NASA scientists recommended that automakers provide clearer warning lights. The National Academy of Sciences has its own on-going investigation into the issue of unintended acceleration in all cars across the auto industry. The results of that study are expected later this year. Toyota is currently facing hundreds of lawsuits over alleged unintended acceleration, most of which have been grouped together in a single California court. Decisions in those cases are not expected for years. Steve Berman, an attorney leading many of the lawsuits against Toyota, expressed doubts about the report's findings. "There are too many reports, from too many people," he said in a statement, "to not have a basis in fact." Joan Claybrook, former head of NHTSA and president emeritus of Public Citizens, a consumer advocate group, also lacked confidence in the government's findings. "There are hundreds of witnesses that say they had this runaway Toyota problem without floor mats and accelerator problems, and they've been ignored," she said. But expressing his confidence in the safety of Toyota cars, Transportation Secretary LaHood said that he had recently recommended a Toyota vehicle, a Sienna minivan, to his own daughter. "We feel that Toyota vehicles are safe to drive," he said. -CNN's Deb Feyerick contributed to this report.  Print Email The power behind the throne at General Motors A $7,500 electric car discount scares dealers The 300: Can Chrysler really steal Bimmer and Caddy buyers? First Published: February 8, 2011: 1:53 PM ET Right Now Smart people buy generic brands Russians pay higher price for isolation 8 rights of pregnant women at work Hot List Frontline troops push for solar energy The U.S. Marines are testing renewable energy technologies like solar to reduce costs and casualties associated with fossil fuels.  Play 25 Best Places to find rich singles Looking for Mr. or Ms. Moneybags? Hunt down the perfect mate in these wealthy cities, which are brimming with unattached professionals.  More Fun festivals: Twins to mustard to pirates! You'll see double in Twinsburg, Ohio, and Ketchup lovers should beware in Middleton, WI. Here's some of the best and strangest town festivals.  Play Find Your Next Car New Used Select a Make Acura Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Bugatti Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Ferrari Ford GMC Honda HUMMER Hyundai Infiniti Isuzu Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus Maserati Maybach Mazda Mercedes-Benz Mercury MINI Mitsubishi Morgan Nissan Pontiac Porsche Rolls-Royce Saab Saturn Scion smart Subaru Suzuki Tesla Toyota Volkswagen Volvo Select a Make Acura Aston Martin Audi BMW Bentley Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Eagle Ferrari Ford GMC Geo Honda Hummer Hyundai Infiniti Isuzu Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus MG Maserati Mazda Mercedes-Benz Mercury Mini Mitsubishi Nissan Oldsmobile Plymouth Pontiac Porsche Rolls-Royce Saab Saturn Scion Smart Subaru Suzuki Toyota Volkswagen Volvo Get the latest car news: A Car We'd Never Thought We'd See Man Saves Baby, Gets Fined Yet Another Risk for Teen Drivers Why This Is at the Center of a Debate Original Shows Key to NBA's success? Embracing tech NBA Commissioner David Stern says the basketball league is looking to expand its use of technology to improve gameplay and increase its audience.  Play Unique Homes Selling Roy Rogers' former ranch With 67 acres of land and room for 150 horses, the former ranch of the 'King of the Cowboys' sold at auction for $640,000.  Play Help Desk Track testing tires to find the best Find out how TireRack tests and reviews tires and why choosing the right ones for your car is so important.  Play All CNNMoney.com Original Shows Ask the Expert Best Advice Bing! Business of Green The Buzz CNNMoney NOW CNNMoney Reports Conscious Capitalism Corner Office Leadership Disruptors Energy Fix Help Desk Home Work How We Got Started Innovation Nation My Biz Playbook Kids & Money Life at the Top Look Ahead Money Tips My Biz Playbook New Money Rules of Retirement Road Warriors The Score Small & Global Small Business Tips Street Life Strategy Sessions Small Biz Makeover The Stream Tech Transformation Techmate The Turnaround Visionaries Markets US Indexes Market Movers Index Last Change % Change Dow 16,948.49 -135.31 -0.79% Nasdaq 4,446.93 -25.18 -0.56% S&P 500 1,977.74 -10.24 -0.52% Treasuries 2.47 -0.04 -1.59% Data as of 3:10pm ET Company Price Change % Change Facebook Inc 75.00 0.02 0.03% Apple Inc 97.33 0.30 0.30% Ford Motor Co 17.56 -0.28 -1.57% Bank of America Corp... 15.59 -0.03 -0.19% General Motors Co 35.09 -0.65 -1.82% Data as of 2:55pm ET Sponsored by Sections COMPANIES Smart people buy generic brands Americans are wasting about $44 billion a year on name brands, when they could be buying the exact same products if they switched to cheaper store brands, says a new paper by economists from Tilburg University in the Netherlands and the University of Chicago. More Murdoch shoring up his war chest Former Bear Stearns CEO Ace Greenberg dies ECONOMY Smart people buy generic brands Americans are wasting about $44 billion a year on name brands, when they could be buying the exact same products if they switched to cheaper store brands, says a new paper by economists from Tilburg University in the Netherlands and the University of Chicago. More Russians pay higher price for isolation Thanks Obamacare! Check is in the mail for 6.8 million people TECHNOLOGY Your personal information just isn't safe Target hack victims were directed to Experian for protection. But that company has leaked your data too. More #DetroitWater: Keep Detroiters' water on! City of Tomorrow: How 21st century challenges are being met worldwide with real innovation SMALL BUSINESS Move over Hollywood! Louisiana is top for film production Louisiana is now the top location for motion picture filming, supporting thousands of new jobs and small businesses. More It's Seamless over Starbucks for business travelers We work in a war zone but we're not unstable PERSONAL FINANCE Rotten bosses come in at least 6 different flavors CNNMoney readers rip managers who micromanage to death, play favorites, throw their staff under the bus and steal credit for their work. More Why your life insurance premiums may be so high For sale: Town of Aladdin, Wyo., for $1.5 million CNNMoney About CNNMoney Contact Us Advertise with Us User Preferences Closed Captioning Content Business Markets Investing Economy Tech Personal Finance Small Business Luxury Media Video Interactive Site Tools Site Map Watchlist Portfolio Job Search Real Estate Search Mortgage and Savings Center Calculators Corrections Market Data Alerts News Alerts Stay Connected My Account Mobile Site & Apps Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feeds Newsletters Tumblr Google+ Market indexes are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer Morningstar: © 2014 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Disclaimer The Dow Jones Indexes SM are proprietary to and distributed by Dow Jones & Company, Inc. and have been licensed for use. All content of the Dow Jones Indexes SM © 2014 is proprietary to Dow Jones & Company, Inc. Chicago Mercantile Association. The market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2014. All rights reserved. Most stock quote data provided by BATS. © 2014 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. .
http://www.nasa.gov/topics/nasalife/features/nesc-toyota-study.html
There's a problem with your browser or settings. Your browser or your browser's settings are not supported. To get the best experience possible, please download a compatible browser. If you know your browser is up to date, you should check to ensure that javascript is enabled. › Learn How Follow this link to skip to the main content NASA - National Aeronautics and Space Administration NASA Home     >    News & Features     >    News Topics     >    NASA in Your Life     >    Features Send Print Follow this link to Share This Page Share News Text Size Grow Text Size Shrink Text Size NASA's Toyota Study Released by Dept. of Transportation 02.08.11   WASHINGTON -- The results of a ten-month study by 30 NASA engineers of possible electronic causes of unintended acceleration in Toyota vehicles was released today by the U.S. Department of Transportation (DOT). "NASA found no evidence that a malfunction in electronics caused large unintended accelerations," said Michael Kirsch, principal engineer and team lead of the study from the NASA Engineering and Safety Center (NESC) based at NASA's Langley Research Center in Hampton, Va. For more information: › NASA Engineering and Safety Center › DOT release › NASA Report, Exec. Summary (PDF) › NASA Report (PDF) › NHTSA Report, Exec. Summary (PDF) › NHTSA Report (PDF) At the request of Congress, the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) began the study in March 2010 and asked NASA engineers with expertise in electronic and software systems to look into consumer claims that electronic systems may have played a role in reports of unintended acceleration. U.S. Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood and officials who led the study for NASA and NHTSA provided the results on Tuesday afternoon in Washington. LaHood thanked NASA and other DOT engineers saying, "We enlisted the best and brightest engineers to study Toyota's electronics systems, and the verdict is in." Two mechanical safety defects were identified by NHTSA more than a year ago: "sticking" accelerator pedals and a design flaw that enabled accelerator pedals to become trapped by floor mats. These are the only known causes for the reported unintended acceleration incidents. Toyota recalled nearly 8 million vehicles in the United States for these two defects. Kirsch went on to say that, "NASA and NHTSA engineers stood side by side in this study to try to find the root cause of the problem. We have a strong team including some of the best electronics and software experts in NASA." The NESC team included NASA software experts in California to NASA hardware and systems engineers in Maryland who examined computer controlled electronic systems, electromagnetic interference and software to determine if these systems played a role in incidents of unintended acceleration. The NESC was established in 2003 in response to the space shuttle Columbia accident with a goal to enable complex problem solving using experts from anywhere in the world. This approach allows the best engineers in their respective disciplines to apply their expertise to tough technical problems. To date, the NESC has engaged in approximately 400 independent technical assessments. Recently, the NESC provided support to the trapped miners in Chile by developing suggested design requirements for the rescue system.     › Back To Top    
http://www.thetruthaboutcars.com/2011/02/ttacs-toyota-recall-coverage-a-retrospective/
        AutoGuide.com RVguide.com Motorcycle ATV.com Snowmobile.com PersonalWatercraft.com Login Register Home News Car Reviews Editorials Video Product Reviews Tips and Advice Contact FAQ Forum Track Analysis: Challenger V6 Track Pack, HEMI Scat Pack, SRT Hellcat Review: 2015 Dodge Challenger SRT “Hellcat” 6MT From Czech Republic to Normandy in a Chevy Suburban Chart Of The Day: Crossovers Are King Don’t Drink the Google Kool-aid: Autonomy’s Limits in Three Sips Capsule Review: 2015 Subaru WRX Capsule Review: 2014 Scion FR-S Choose category AcuraAlfa RomeoAston MartinAudiBentleyBMWBuickCadillacChevroletChryslerCitroenDodgeFerrariFiatFordGMCHondaHyundaiInfinitiIran KhodroJaguarJeepKiaLamborghiniLand RoverLexusLincolnLotusMaseratiMazdaMercedes-BenzMercuryMGMINIMitsubishiNissanOtherPontiacPorscheRamRemix ReviewRenaultRolls-RoyceSaabSaturnScionsmartSubaruSuzukiTataTeslaToyotaVolkswagenVolvo Find Reviews by Make: The Truth About Cars | Editorials | History | Media | Safety | Toyota TTAC’s Toyota Recall Coverage: A Retrospective By Edward Niedermeyer on February 8, 2011 Tweet [Ed: With today's news of NHTSA's investigation results, we thought we'd look back at TTAC's coverage of the Toyota Unintended Acceleration scandal.] The Toyota Unintended Acceleration Scandal of 2010 was a curious beastie of a media phenomenon. Shortly after I started writing for TTAC, NHTSA opened an investigation into Toyota Tacomas because, as the Center for Auto Safety’s Clarence Ditlow put it, If there were truly human error, there would be a proportional distribution across models. It’s very difficult to explain how some makes and models have higher numbers of complaints than others absent some flaw in the vehicle. Fresh as I was to writing about the world of cars, I was sure I had the story dead to rights. I had seen this movie before, when my father told me his epic Parnelli Jones Unintended Acceleration story. Dad had even killed the the family pickup’s engine at a traffic light to prove it… and I knew how bad the brakes in the old Ford were (but that’s another story). Absent a better explanation than mere statistical likelihood, I knew there was only one cause for this problem. With a level of confidence that seems totally at odds with subsequent events, I concluded by suggesting that the Detroit Free Press and Motor Trend blog, are trying to resuscitate the [Audi 5000] media frenzy, only this time Toyota’s to blame for people mistaking the accelerator for their brake pedal… If a TTAC reader out there has a Tacoma, perhaps they would do us the honor of standing on the brakes while mashing the accelerator for a few seconds. This should prove fairly simply that “unintended acceleration” is possible only when you are not actually on the brakes. It was that simple… wasn’t it? What I hadn’t counted on back in early 2008, was that floormats and sticky pedals would emerge as possible causes of UA in Toyotas. Reports of runaway Toyotas continued to surface throughout 2008 and 2009, and nearly a year after taking on Ditlow’s statistics, TTAC logged its first story on possible “electronic” causes for UA in Toyotas. The now-defunct Autocoverup.com took up Ditlow’s statistical logic in April2009, and added the missing piece: a story that could not be logically explained. On November 5, 2008, I was driving on a freeway in my 2008 Lexus ES350 with the cruise control on. I gave the car a little extra gas to pass another car and the car just took off. I tried to disengage the accelerator by trying to turn off the cruise control switch as well as tapping on the brake pedal, but it would not disengage. I tried to turn off the engine by pushing the keyless ignition button, but it would not turn off. I checked the floor to make sure that there wasn’t anything on the accelerator, and there wasn’t. I then put the car in neutral, but when I did this, the engine sounded as if it were going to explode, so I put it back in gear. By this time, I was going well over 100 mph. My only choice was to stand on the brakes. Within seconds, the car was in a cloud of smoke coming from the 4 wheels/brakes. The car began to slow as thankfully the brakes were stronger than the engine which was going at its maximum rpm’s. The car went over a mile before finally coming to a stop. I was then able to put the car in park and stop the engine. After a few moments, when I had calmed down a bit, I started the engine again and it immediately start racing at maximum rpm’s again, so I shut it off . . . Before Toyota’s first floormat recall, the formula for the media firestorm that would erupt nearly a year later was already in place. First, statistics seemed to point to Toyota. Second, the power of narrative far surpassed the media’s mechanical knowledge. By the time Toyota finally blamed and recalled its floormats, it looked like the company was trying to blame a mundane floormat for a ghost in the machine. With the powderkeg packed, the unintended acceleration scandal needed only a spark to ignite it. That spark was the fiery crash that killed an off-duty police officer and three family members near San Diego. Because the driver in that incident was a highway patrol officer, many refused to believe that he could have born any responsibility for the incident. Even after evidence surfaced that the car in the incident was a dealer loaner with incorrect floormats which, even with its pedal trapped, could be controlled, the Saylor crash remained proof positive for many that nobody, no matter how well trained, was safe from their Toyota if it decided to take off. Weeks after the Saylor crash, Toyota recalled 3.8m floormats. Shortly after it announced it would be introducing brake override systems. Though, in retrospect, Toyota was probably scapegoating mats to keep from blaming customers, the story was already reaching a fever pitch. In the wake of the Saylor incident, even I began to hedge about the possibility of some kind of electronic problem causing UA. After all, cars were becoming increasingly electronics-dependent… weren’t we asking for some kind of inevitable techno-nightmare? Still, by the end of 2009, I thought the story had finally had its last hurrah. Of course I was wrong. By the end of January, Toyota was recalling cars around the world, for sticky pedals made by its supplier, CTS. On February 1, the recall spread to the US. As TTAC explored the roots of Toyota’s decades-long trend towards decontenting, the first signs of saber-rattling from Washington were hitting the airwaves. Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood may not have had the first idea about what was actually causing UA in Toyotas, but he definitely knew the political routine, and he laid into Toyota with gusto. Papers were leaked to the relevant congressional committees, and as tensions built in the leadup to congressional hearings, the story exploded in a riot of mass media confusion. ABC News dumped fuel on the fire when notorious auto safety-baiter Brian Ross teamed up with Professor David Gilbert to produce a video suggesting that errors could be caused in Toyota’s engine control unit without registering error codes. Ross’s report was quickly criticized, and Toyota maintained that Gilbert’s test results had no bearing on real life. After all, the Southern Illinois professor had hard-wired ECUs to create his “ghost in the machine.” In the frenzy, everything from “tin whiskers” to cosmic rays were blamed for creating an untraceable, irreparable madness in Toyotas… eventhe nerd-god Steve Wozniak got in on the fun. TTAC’s own investigation, in which we stripped and analyzed both the recalled and replacement pedals was fascinating but inconclusive. By the time congressional hearings began on unintended acceleration in Toyotas, we were no closer to the truth than when the story started… if anything, the dizzying blur of media coverage made the certainty of early 2008 difficult to recreate. Luckily, congress was on hand to bring back a sense of clarity to the issue. Not through the clear-eyed vision of our elected representatives though, but rather because of the very opposite. Both the House and Senate committee hearings were flailing disasters of mechanical misunderstanding, misleading testimony, grandstanding and general uselessness. Akio Toyoda was duly humiliated before the House Oversight Committee, before that august body settled into the defining moment of the entire scandal: a day-long hearing in which every hope for a secret hidden electronic gremlin was dashed upon the rocks of common sense. From the committee’s lying, lawyer-connected “expert witnesses“, to a failed attempt to skewer Toyota’s head of US operations, to its concluding meeting with Ray LaHood, April 24 brought every accusation against Toyota to the fore, and yet none managed to stick. By the end of the day’s “Comedy In Three Acts,” my belief that UA in Toyotas was primarily due to operator error was fully renewed. I concluded Congress holds hearings like these to uncover shocking evidence and to impress its constituents with its dedication to their safety and well-being. Having been enticed into believing that sinister conspiracies exist in Toyota’s software code and the halls of the NHTSA, the House Energy Committee uncovered only one actionable solution to the ongoing scandal: greater funding for NHTSA’s investigative capabilities. Put differently, after hours of posturing congress finally met the enemy and he was them. By the time Jim Sykes escalated the media hype a step further, when his Prius was caught being slowed by police cars on an interstate, the story was already over-ripe, and decaying from within. By the time the media learned that Sykes was hardly credible (never mind that his story was never credible), his 23-minute-long 911 call gave the story the reek of self-parody, and it collapsed on itself. Since then, we’ve received only regular updates from NHTSA with findings that point to driver error as the main cause of UA, capped by a report I summarized in a post titled Unintended Acceleration In Toyotas: The Ghost In The Data. Its conclusion: This, in a nutshell, is what the whole Toyota unintended acceleration scandal is boiling down to: either pedal design or some other ergonomic issue makes UA more common, in which case the government can regulate it, or Americans are really becoming worse drivers and are always glad to have a convenient scapegoat for their ineptitude. As unsatisfying as these conclusions are, making peace with them is the only healthy choice at this point. Unless, of course, Government-run “behavioral training and adjustment” sounds like a practical solution to you. With confirmation of this conclusion coming from today’s release of the long-awaited NASA investigation findings, it seems that the chimera of “Unintended Acceleration” may well be sealed up back in the American unconscious, where it should lay dormant for at least a few more years. After all, as a mass-market brand, Toyota’s lessons should be better remembered than were Audi’s from decades earlier. And yet, I still worry that the connections -and lessons- from the Toyota UA scandal could slip away just as they did after the Audi scandal. Ironically, I feel I captured the real lesson of the scandal best outside of TTAC, when I wrote in a Reuters op-ed: Just as motorists can never assume that their vehicle will always function perfectly, consumers should avoid being lulled into a false sense of security by an automaker’s reputation alone. Automobiles are complex machines manufactured by firms that must constantly test the cost-quality equation to stay competitive in a cutthroat industry. As long as this is the case, the market for automobiles will remain dynamic and cyclical: an arena with little room for the kind of unquestioning trust that Toyota has enjoyed for so many years. If there’s a lesson to Toyota’s tumble, it’s that easy assumptions aren’t enough to keep you safe on the road, or in the showroom. A year on from the height of the scandal, I think that if we bring anything away from the experience, it should be this. Posted in Editorials, History, Media, Safety, Toyota Tagged as Editorials, History, Media Tweet Print More Reviews < Previous Post"Does Speed Save?" Next Post >"In Defense Of: The Mazda MX-5" Get the latest TTAC e-Newsletter! Back to Top End of Comments 32 Comments on “TTAC’s Toyota Recall Coverage: A Retrospective...” DC Bruce February 8th, 2011 at 6:07 pm Well, it’s good to see a satisfactory conclusion to something that, at times, resembled a witch hunt.  I don’t recall the Audi problem having been brought to as crisp a resolution, at least not one that clearly concluded that the “runaway” Audis were not the result of some mechanical defect.  I believe there was some conclusion that there was an ergonomic issue with the placement of the brake and accelerator pedals.  Of course, the runaway Audi’s — at something like 140hp — were far less powerful than at least some of the “runaway Toyotas.” Ironically, back in the days of non-electronically controlled transmissions and engines (like the 1960s) I do recall some autobox cars having unintended acceleration.  I believe the cause was a bind in the mechanical linkage between the throttle and the transmission — which momentarily close the throttle during shifts — and then re-opened it to provide smoother shifting and avoid damage to the tranny. Login to reply redmondjp February 8th, 2011 at 7:52 pm Bruce, The mechanical linkage that you are referring to between the engine and the transmssion was used to communicate throttle position to the transmission (such as on the Ford C6 for downshift purposes), not the other way around. GM did have UA issues in the late 1960s and there were lawsuits-o-plenty.  One common root-cause issue was the pillow-block rubber engine mounts that had no mechanical interlock to prevent separation of the halves in case of failure.  This, combined with high-horsepower V8s and a mechanical lever/pivot throttle linkage, was a recipe for UA disaster.  You mash the throttle, engine mount fails (or already had) and separates, allowing engine to rock/rotate within the engine compartment.  This then binded up the throttle linkage, holding the throttle open. As a result of all of this, you’ll notice that by the early 1970s, all american car makers had switched to fail-safe engine mount designs along with CABLE throttle linkages.  On another note, regarding UA and cruise control, GM’s cruise control system of the 70s and 80s used a redundant safety-off system:  in addition to killing power to the cruise module vacuum solenoid when the brake pedal or “OFF” switch was applied, the brake pedal also had a vacuum dump valve (complete with 3/8″ diameter vacuum hose through the firewall to the dashpot) that was in parallel with the solenoid valve, such that if one held down the brake pedal, there was no vacuum to the throttle dashpot even if the solenoid valve stuck or the electrical controls failed.  I believe this to be strong evidence that the UA events of the 1960s had a positive effect on systems design for years afterwards (that secondary system probably cost GM a few dollars per every car it was installed on, which is a LOT for a carmaker which made the cigarette lighter in the Chevette an optional accessory). Ford cruise control of the 1970-80s, however, had no such secondary safety system.  The cruise on my 1971 LTD had a nasty habit of not wanting to turn off unless you actually slowed the car down under 35mph or so, and that scared me away from using it.  Always exciting when the throttle pedal goes down all by itself after you let up on the brake pedal!  Even more exciting when you loan the car to a friend and forget to mention this tiny detail (sorry Jim!). Login to reply gslippy February 8th, 2011 at 6:47 pm Great summary of the story.  However, this conclusion:   Just as motorists can never assume that their vehicle will always function perfectly, consumers should avoid being lulled into a false sense of security by an automaker’s reputation alone. Automobiles are complex machines manufactured by firms that must constantly test the cost-quality equation to stay competitive in a cutthroat industry. As long as this is the case, the market for automobiles will remain dynamic and cyclical: an arena with little room for the kind of unquestioning trust that Toyota has enjoyed for so many years. If there’s a lesson to Toyota’s tumble, it’s that easy assumptions aren’t enough to keep you safe on the road, or in the showroom.   … rings of idealism.  Ambulance-chasing lawyers make a living convincing judges and juries that vehicles will always function perfectly, and that consumers should expect as much.  Companies with deep pockets make for great media play and golden cash settlements. Login to reply JustPassinThru February 8th, 2011 at 6:50 pm I have never believed it.  It smacked of a manufactured liability lawsuit; hopefully for the people behind it, a nice, fat class-action lawsuit.   Remember, too, this was shortly after Government Motors came to be.  That was probably not the driving force, but it took the NHTSA out of the “disinterested party” category. I’ve had intimate relations with about eight Toyotas; I can tell you for a fact, the factory floor mats are made in a way where they can in fact, slide forward to hook the accelerator.  The Tacoma I had had a hook through an eye in the floormat to help avoid the problem.   Toyota was on top; they are a foreign company; the government was the new owner of GM; and trial lawyers rule the nation.  The stage was set for this kind of legal nonsense. Login to reply HammerinCameron February 8th, 2011 at 7:17 pm I then put the car in neutral, but when I did this, the engine sounded as if it were going to explode, so I put it back in gear. Even if the engine had miraculously revved past the limiter and exploded, I’m sure Lexus would have been nice enough to put a new engine in under warranty. Login to reply carquestions February 8th, 2011 at 7:24 pm I wonder if the NewYork Times, ABC, Reuters and the rest will interview Sean Kane to get his take? Seems he had lots to say a year ago. One things for sure – Edmunds $1 million dollar prize was never winable was it?  Login to reply vww12 February 8th, 2011 at 7:44 pm Some us did bring up the 1980′s trumped-up Audi acceleration fiasco.   But at the height of Toyo-accel-mania, few would listen. Shakes one’s confidence in the maturity of people at large. Login to reply wpaulson February 8th, 2011 at 8:20 pm Well, we have the turmoil in Egypt and a lot of other interesting crises & controversies to keep us occupied right now. But if things get too dull, we may have to bring back UA. Login to reply brandloyalty February 9th, 2011 at 1:37 am redmondjp: “GM did have UA issues in the late 1960s and there were lawsuits-o-plenty.  One common root-cause issue was the pillow-block rubber engine mounts that had no mechanical interlock to prevent separation of the halves in case of failure.  This, combined with high-horsepower V8s and a mechanical lever/pivot throttle linkage, was a recipe for UA disaster.  You mash the throttle, engine mount fails (or already had) and separates, allowing engine to rock/rotate within the engine compartment.  This then binded up the throttle linkage, holding the throttle open.”   Exactly this happened to a group of us who operated a 1964 GMC Suburban with a 283 V8 and automatic transmission.  Eventually, after a minor accident caused by the jamming throttle we found out the problem and got it fixed.  But it could have killed someone. Login to reply roadscholar February 9th, 2011 at 7:08 am For god’s sake people drive mindlessly into the wrong side of the highway all the time and we have a hard time believing someone can mistake the accelerator for the brake!  Humans are idiots. Login to reply slance66 February 9th, 2011 at 8:45 am My recollection with the Audi was that it was manufactured as primarily a manual transmission car in Germany, and had a small brake pedal (more the size of a clutch pedal) placed close to the accelerator pedal.  Americans, driving with automatics, and accustomed to wide brake pedals, easily missed the brake.  Of course the automatic transmission brake lockout was not yet in place, since it was a requirement that came out of the Audi events. So you could stand on the gas and shift into D.  Many of the Audi UA incidents occurred in garages.  Probably a good idea that they changed that. Login to reply Dynamic88 February 9th, 2011 at 9:10 am I was wrong, and I don’t mind admitting it.   I thought it was likely there were “ghosts in the machine” but I’m willing to take NASA’s word for it that there are no ghosts. I’m still troubled by several things; One, most auto enthusiasts (and auto bloggers)  seemed to have an answer early on, and that answer was “driver error”.    If you came to this conclusion a few years ago, you were right, but you were just guessing.    It matters, quite a lot, whether one is right by guessing or right after analyzing the facts.    IMO, the facts came in yesterday. Two, driver error is too broad.  It becomes a catch all.   Pedal placement, floor mats, and foot well design can all be contributing factors.   Dismissing everyone as an idiot does not help us deal with the factors that may contribute to SUA.   Many of us asked about pedal placement in Toyota’s.  TTAC largely ignored this.   TTAC did spend a lot of time on the pedals themselves, and that was some good investigative journalism.   A little more on ergonomics to go along with the mechanics might have been fruitful. Three, there is the case of the Avalon owner who drove to his dealer with wide open throttle and no floor mats.   The dealer’s mechanic confirmed that the engine was racing uncontrollably.  The dealer replaced the throttle body, accelerator, and sensors.   (Is it any wonder some of us thought there might be ghosts?) http://www.leftlanenews.com/toyota-avalon-displays-unintended-acceleration-without-floor-mat.html Instead of focusing on this verifiable case of SUA (where the driver had presence of mind to shift between drive and neutral to control the vehicle) most auto opinionators focused on the con-man Sykes, as if he were the embodiment of the problem.   The reason for the focus on Sykes was of course that minds had already been made up, rather than being left open.   If Sykes was a con it just goes to “prove” that SUA is all caused by driver error. Five, State Farm reported a spike in Toyota SUA years before the Saylor crash.  This predates media hype, and ambulance chasing.   If a brand has more incidents than other brands, there must be something more to it than driver error, which should be evenly distributed. Six, TTAC along with just about every other media outlet spent a lot of time blaming elderly drivers, while sidestepping the fact that Toyota is not an “elderly” brand.   More old people may have had pedal confusion than younger people, but if that were the answer, we’d expect to see this more often in “elderly” brands where the average ownership age is much higher.   We didn’t see that. Seven, the incidents of Toyota SUA were not confined to park and shop situations where pedal misapplication would explain running through the store window.   I’m willing to take driver error as the default explanation in these situations, but it’s almost impossible to believe pedal misapplication accounts for a car racing away on the highway. Lastly, it’s my opinion that the single most important lesson from this is that the shift quadrant on slushboxes needs to be changed.    I doubt most drivers know that an autobox can be shifted while the car is in motion – a driver training problem.  But, shifting from D to N also poses the problem of going a bit too far, shifting into R.   If a driver is already in trouble because of a stuck pedal, we don’t want to compound the problem by having him shift into R.   It would seem sensible to have another N all the way to the right, so that one shifts through the lower drive ranges to N w/o the danger of shifting into R.       Login to reply jimbowski February 9th, 2011 at 12:11 pm Regarding your last point, my wife’s ’02 Solara still has the old school straight up and down floor shifter pattern.  I have experimented with shifting on the fly, and there is a gate to keep from shifting from N to R.  Starting with 1, you can shove the shifter up as fast as you want and it will stop in N. Login to reply 285exp February 9th, 2011 at 5:10 pm Many of us who were attributing the vast majority of these SUA incidents to driver error were simply looking at the evidence and noting the similarities to the Audi SUA debacle. That’s not randomly guessing, that’s looking at the available evidence and making a reasonable deduction. Those who were saying that it was some ghost in the machine problem were doing the guessing. There may indeed be some ergonomic and demographic components to the Toyota SUA incidents but, except for the few cases of pedal entrapment, these do fall under the driver error category, just like it did in the Audi 5000. The dead giveaway on driver error is the failure of the brakes to stop the runaway cars. You have all these drivers who swear they were standing on the brake, and in any modern car the brakes will overpower the accelerator. To have a simultaneous runaway engine and momentary brake failure is just not believable. The case of the highway patrolman is particularly sad because if he had simply applied full braking immediately, he would have been able to come to a safe stop. There were only a handful of the high speed runaway SUA incidents, and apparently they were all due to pedal entrapment, pedal missapplication, or outright fraud, since NASA has ruled out electrical gremlins. They make much better headlines than people who simply hit things in parking garages, but they were a tiny minority of the incidents. Login to reply CamaroKid February 9th, 2011 at 7:39 pm Yup 285EXP nails it. This was not a guess and was not hard to figure out from day one.  Compounding, concurring errors do not occur all at once without from time to time happening independently on  their own… Throttle opens, brakes fail, neutral no longer available, etc etc etc.  The internet should have been alive with Toyota complaints about brakes, or shifters, or start buttons, or idle problems… NOTHING… that is a BIG clue. Same with the whole “complicated software” red herring. While computer system can and do issue intermittent errors.. over a large enough population they become VERY prevalent, and obvious… we saw none of that either. Magical tin slivers, electromagnetic dreams and ghosts in the machine… When you have two explanations to a problem… One simple and logical and the other requires concurrent and almost magical things to occur… You can take the simple logical one to the bank every time. I applaud TTAC for admitting that they might have got it wrong. The surprise is that certain forums are still convinced that Gilbert was right and there is a razor “theoretical possibility” that this might be software/emi problem. Login to reply akitadog February 9th, 2011 at 11:23 am The Tin Whiskers would be an AWESOME name for a band. Login to reply highdesertcat February 9th, 2011 at 2:19 pm My neighbor and his wife bought a Jap-built 1989 Camry V6 new, way back when.  When their daughter returned home from the Air Force to go to school full-time, they let her use that 1989 Camry to commute. The neighbors bought a new 1992 Camry to replace that 1989 Camry, then a 1996 Camry, then a 2000 Camry, then a 2004 Camry, finally switching over to buying a 2008 Lexus ES.  They still have that old 1989 Camry, with over 160,000 miles on it.  In fact it still has the original spark plugs, and the only work ever done to it was having the air conditioning system rebuilt.  The moral of the story?  All the other  Camry they owned were made in Kentucky and they all had warranty-repair problems. And those problems included an exceptionally fast idle, hesitation during acceleration, and mechanical and electrical failures. No sudden unintended acceleration. We did not buy our first-ever foreign brand car until 2008, a 2008 Jap-built Highlander Limited AWD.  It has been flawless. It uses a Nippon-Denso gas-pedal assembly and the floor mats are fastened to the floor with plastic clips.  If I undo the clips and slide the mat forward I can get the gas-pedal to hang up on it.  And when I press the gas-pedal down and hold it down to simulate SUA, I can push the gear shift lever to Neutral and disengage the power train from the wheels, with the engine racing away (it’s electronically governored at 6350 rpm).  I think that his whole orchestrated anti-Toyota campaign was initiated by the vested interests of the American car makers and their UAW cronies.  Well, it backfired. I expect Toyota to do extremely well going forward and offer even better automobiles to the buying public, worldwide. Login to reply Sandy A February 10th, 2011 at 3:38 pm I’m wondering if TTAC or anyone who has posted in response to this article bothered to even read the full NASA’s report. Unlike political appointees like LaHood, the engineers do not complety rule out electronic problems. In fact they DID find faults. They did find that radiation/EMI did cause behavior that was not intended by the designers and the DID find TIN WHISKERS which caused shorts in the ETC electronics of a vehicle that was reported to have a SUA incident. However, they couldn’t replicate those events. It is very difficult (imposible) to prove a negative, which is what they are trying to do. In fact, the type of things that NASA found actually strengthens the case of the plaintiffs in many SUA cases. There ARE faults in the electronics and software. For those of you who would prefer to get the facts instead of the (misleading headlines) the full NASA report is here: http://www.nhtsa.gov/UA http://www.nhtsa.gov/staticfiles/nvs/pdf/NASA-UA_report.pdf One final issue: NASA was NOT given softcopies of Toyota software. Engineers had to go to Toyota facilities to look at the code. They did not test the actual code. Instead they had to model the code that they saw in written form in a controlled (by Toyota) environment. They could not take the code and test it outside of the Toyota facilities. Testing of a “model” of the actual code doesn’t prove anything. The conditions underwhich the software was verified didn’t allow NASA to completely test the interaction of all the different modules in the system, or with hardware in-the-loop. Moreover, they didn’t test every version of the software. In fact it appears they tested a 2007 version, not the earlier versions where most of the SUA events alledgedly occured. Login to reply 285exp February 10th, 2011 at 5:30 pm Sandy If you want to bitterly cling to theory that there are some mysterious demons that are causing Toyotas to careen out of control, be my guest. There is nothing in that report that implies any such thing. It specifically stated the NASA did not find that the ETC electronics were a likely cause, that there were multiple safety features designed into the ETC to prevent UA, there was no fault in the software code that would cause UA, no evidence that any reasonable level of electromagnetic interference could cause UA, and that failures in the ETC system had no effect on braking performance. They confirmed that there was a theoretical possibility that two faults could combine under very specific conditions that could cause UA, but that there was no real world evidence that it had ever happened or that is was ever likely to occur. They indicated that the incidents reviewed were consistent with pedal misapplication (driver error). Please don’t mischaracterize the findings. Here is the exective summary: http://www.nhtsa.gov/staticfiles/nvs/pdf/NHTSA_report_execsum.pdf And another good read: http://www.theatlantic.com/business/archive/2010/03/how-real-are-the-defects-in-toyotas-cars/37448/ If you actually think that anything in that report is going to help in the plaintiffs cases, you are mistaken. Login to reply Sandy A February 10th, 2011 at 6:21 pm Thanks for The Atlantic article. I hadn’t seen that, but I had seen the data: older drivers are to blame. Clearly driver error is a (large) component for SUA. However, the executive summary that you referred me to (which I had read and was included in the link I posted) doesn’t do the full report justice. The full report (and the Appendices) provide significant ammunition for the plaintiffs. Those two faults you mention: The first one can occur undected by the ETC and can remain undetected indefinitely. The second one can occur anytime after the first fault and is also undetected by the ETC. Each of these faults, although unlikely, do not have to occur at the same time and can occur monthsyears apart. The fact that tin whiskers were actually identified to have caused a short is a big deal. Some people on this forum have scorned the idea, but the report indicates, without a doubt, that they did in fact find the whiskers. And, they found that the circuit had been modified as a result of the whiskers without human involvment. Toyota (Exponent) likes to use the word “re-engineered” to attempt to imply that human involvement is necessary to change the circuit. Not true. Moreover, the computer couldn’t detect the fault. The fact that the engine speed changed due to radiation/EMI is a big deal. Although under NASA test the speed went down or completely shut down, there was no evidence that under different conditions (there are an infinite number of them) it couldn’t occur in the other direction. The fact that engine speed was affected says a lot. On top of everything, they admit that they can’t completely account for the statistical anomolies in the NHTSA database.  I don’t believe I am misrepresenting anything. I am simply pointing out the many holes in the report. Since I’m in the business of embedded systems I know that one cannot say with absolute certainty (like LaHood is) that the problem is not electronic. There is certainly a lot of evidence that supports electronics-based SUA. However, NASA was not able to find the specific instances that could trigger a full-blown SUA incident. They did uncover minor events, but not major ones. Also they did mention the fact that brakes could in fact significantly degrade under certain conditions. While the degraded brakes could eventually bring the car to a full stop, it was at a quarter of a G of deceleration. I don’t know if you noticed, but it seemed very much like NHTSA was trying to pat itself on the back and claim that it was right all along. The engineers at the conference were not as definite as LaHood was. Finally, this study was by no means complete. And anyone who says so, or tries to imply that it is, is either biased (like LaHood) or uninformed. Although I admit that I am playing devils advocate (I have no stake in this), I am an engineer, and I do manage and develop embedded systems. So do have some decent knowledge of these issues.  Login to reply Sandy A February 10th, 2011 at 7:33 pm I want to clarify something about the brakes. NASA found that once the brakes were degraded due to an open throttle condition, that deceleration occurred at 0.25g when the brakes were fully pressed down (and you aren’t pumping). Just as a reference, accelerating from 0 to 60 mph in 10 seconds is approximately 0.25g (ok 0.27g). Normally the brakes have at least 3x the control authority over the powertrain which is why you can decelerate from 60 mph to 0 mph in a much shorter time (~3 sec). In other words, the brakes were found to have one third of their normal power. That may be very alarming to someone who doesn’t expect to be pressing with all their weight on the brakes. They may continue to press down as they normally do, thereby allowing the powertrain to overwhelm the brakes. Login to reply 285exp February 11th, 2011 at 5:58 am That is once the brakes are degraded, that doesn’t mean that they have only  one third the normal power during the SUA “event”. And nobody is going to only press down as they normally do if they are trying to stop a runaway car, they’re going to try to shove the pedal through the floorboard. If these nits that you are picking were significant, they would have been included in the findings of the executive summary, which I would point out was written by the NASA and NHTSA scientists who performed the study. Of course they can’t entirely rule out every incredibly unlikely possibility, but do you really think that they would issue a report that effectively exonerates the vehicles and says that the events were likely due to driver error if the overwhelming evidence didn’t point to that conclusion? What you’re pointing out are the kinds of things that the trial lawyers will try to use to convince technically ignorant jurors to disregard the plain findings of the report in order to extract millions of dollars from Toyota. Implying that the report supports the plaintiff’s cases is absurd. Login to reply Sandy A February 10th, 2011 at 8:09 pm P. 20 of 177 of the full NASA report: Quote: “Due to system complexity which will be described and the many possible electronic software and hardware systems interactions it is not realistic to prove that the ETCSi cannot cause UAs. Today’s vehicles are sufficiently complex that no reasonable amount of analysis or testing can prove electronics and software have no errors. Therefore, absence of proof that the ETCSi caused a UA does not vindicate the system.” NASA’s own words. Not mine. Login to reply ihatetrees February 10th, 2011 at 8:41 pm Note the second sentence above: Today’s vehicles are sufficiently complex that no reasonable amount of analysis or testing can prove electronics and software have no errors.   No manufacturer can absolutely prove their vehicles are 100% safe. This is the logic by which Toyota should hand over billions to the (scientifically illiterate) trial bar? Login to reply Philosophil February 11th, 2011 at 7:29 am This is an excellent debate.   I would just like to add that there are few, if any, things that can be proven with absolute certainty. So the question here would be how much confidence the engineers have in the overall results. Thus, the important question is not whether it is “realistic to prove [with absolute certainty] that ECTSi cannot cause UAs,” but whether there is still reasonable grounds to suspect that such events could indeed have happened. A clearer statement of how much testing and evidence the engineers would need to “vindicate the system” in their sense of the term would help as well. Login to reply CamaroKid February 11th, 2011 at 8:17 pm Actually it is quite easy to prove all kinds of things with absolute certainty.  Prove that penguins live at Antarctica… easy.. find one and you are done… Prove that penguins don’t live in the Arctic, a little harder  since you would have to simultaneous and continuously search the entire arctic.   The best you can say is… we have never seen one there… The NASA scientist was very clear at the press conference, you can’t prove a negative.  And while they have not “vindicated” the Toyota drive by wire pedal and supporting systems, they threw ever test they know at it and found ZERO situations were the ECU would freak out and SUA.  NONE, ZERO, NOT HAPPENING. What do we know now, what did the report say? Well without naming names it was clear that they think: Prof. Gilbert is a hack. Rhonda Smith is confused Sikes made crap up Haggerty had a sticky CTS pedal Woz needs to read his owners manual and The Saylor family were killed by a combination of a bad floor mat and driver panic.       Login to reply Philosophil February 12th, 2011 at 8:21 am I’m going to have to disagree with you about the ‘absolute proof’ thing. There are all kinds of things that you are assuming to be true and verifiable that are difficult to establish with theoretical or epistemic certainty, even in the penguin example you cite. Not the least of such problems relate to the degree of reliability we can place on our observational instruments (e.g., our eyes), how our brains are wired, whether reality conforms to our perception of it, and so on. There has been a lot of important work done in epistemology and the philosophy of science on this kind of topic, and there are all kinds of thought experiments showing the kinds of things that we take for granted in making the kinds of ‘penguin’ claim you made above, but which can’t be proven with demonstrative epistemic certainty. You may be able to claim that Penguins live in the Antarctic with practical certainty (and that’s usually more than sufficient for most purposes, including scientific ones), but not with theoretical or epistemic certainty. The best you can do is to not have your claim falsified, but you can never verify with absolute theoretical or epistemic certainty that it is true. There is a lot of literature on this topic in epistemology and the philosophy of science, and all kinds of thought experiments from Descartes all the way to the ancient Greeks relating to this issue (the most recent ‘pop’ version being found in the movie, “The Matrix”, or the more recent “Inception”). There even appears to be a certain level of uncertainty within mathematical claims, which have until recent times been held up as the standard for what is to count as a demonstrative proof. Login to reply Morea February 28th, 2011 at 9:22 am Well put!  When you cease to question assumptions is when you are mostly likely to be blindsided by events. Login to reply Russ Stiver February 12th, 2011 at 12:02 pm This is a great discussion, I don’t know where else to find these kind of threads. I have been thinking of the whole “panic” issue and I wonder if there have ever been studies of accelerator-panic, where the right leg becomes stuck in some kind of temporary paralysis. It seems too easy for me from my armchair to think how simple it would be to switch to the brake from the gas pedal — but panic does funny things to people. Could we become so terrified that we focus on steering this crazy racing vehicle and temporarily lose the ability to move our right leg? I am thinking of a tragic incident a few years ago when a father was taking his teenage daughter for some initial driving lessons in a deserted parking lot, when she floored it she could not muster the willpower to lift her foot off the gas. The father desperately tried everything to steer, brake from the passenger seat etc but to no avail until they ran onto a home’s front yard where a mother was holdiing her baby, the mother saw the car coming and tossed the baby off to the side but the mother was killed (baby survived). I envisioned that poor father yelling to the girl to switch to the brake but this would only make her panic more and press the pedal down even more firmly… I imagine an almost instinctive urge may be there to put the foot down and “run away” i.e. flee. If this is the case, I do not know what the solution is unless panic stops are included in young driver training. Perhaps that would be as valuable a skill as, say, how to deal with stopping on an icy road surface. I don’t think panic training is done well if at all, we get lulled into such complacency (I think I am as guilty as anyone)… the car interior is soothing and nowadays there are so many distracting gadgets in the interior, so that emergencies catch us even more off guard… any way thanks for the chance to share. Login to reply Morea February 28th, 2011 at 9:28 am You must train yourself on how to react during panic situations.  This is, of course, not part of your typical driver’s ed class, so any given panic situation is probably the driver’s first.  The insight that you may know what to do but be unable to execute in the moment is the key lesson from this discussion. (Also, kudos to TTAC for hosting this discussion.) Login to reply geozinger February 28th, 2011 at 11:18 am @Russ: I laughed at some of the posts that were being made during the unintended acceleration episodes. Many were of the “i’ll do exactly this and such and such and my superior wisdom and reaction times will keep me from having an accident” and so on. Having been through an UA event (two decades before these latest ones), I panicked. I had no indication anything was about to happen, and didn’t have the presence of mind to rationally think through the event. All I could do was to stand on my brakes, and luckily they saved me. My situation sound similar to the one you describe, only I stood on the brakes and not the accelerator. And the only thing I would have destroyed was my car, not a home or someone’s life. @Morea: Your assessment is correct. You may know what to do, but can you do it in that moment? Everyone likes to think they can, but you won’t know until it’s your turn. Login to reply Magoosboyz February 24th, 2011 at 6:49 pm Lets face it, all of the major vehicle manufacturers have had recalls for various issues over the past few decades. If you look at the overall picture, Toyota has put out allot of fantastic cars.  The Prius (for reference: http://www.2010-Toyota-Prius.com) has push the MPG level to new heights.  Most of the competitors are still in their 1st Generation of Hybrid vehicles while Toyota is already 6 generations ahead.  I feel that future Toyota owners should feel comfortable with their purchase in spite of the bad PR received due to the break re call issues. Login to reply Back to TopLeave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. Subscribe without commenting E-Mail: Find Car Reviews By Make Acura Ford Lotus Saturn Aston Martin GMC Maserati Scion Audi Honda Mazda smart Bentley Hyundai Mercedes-Benz Subaru BMW Infiniti Mercury Suzuki Buick Jaguar MG Toyota Cadillac Jeep MINI Volkswagen Chevrolet Kia Mitsubishi Volvo Chrysler Lamborghini Nissan Others Citroen Land Rover Porsche Dodge Lexus Pontiac Ferrari Lincoln Saab Receive updates on the best of TheTruthAboutCars.com Latest Car Reviews view all Rental Review: Cadillac ATS 2.0T AWD Track Analysis: Challenger V6 Track Pack, HEMI Scat Pack, SRT Hellcat Review: 2015 Dodge Challenger SRT “Hellcat” 6MT Challenger Week: Here’s A Few We Did Earlier Reader Review: 2014 Challenger R/T 100th Anniversary Edition From Czech Republic to Normandy in a Chevy Suburban Review: 2014 Mitsubishi Mirage ES Follow @TTAC Recent Comments Re: General Motors Issues Six Recalls For 720,000 Vehicles petezeiss - Wow. Bone simple stuff botched on some pretty expensive vehicles. At this point anyone who willingly buys GM is exhibiting an abuse... Re: Cell Phone Bans Failing To Curb Accident Rates fatalexception04 - What I don’t understand is that most newer cars today come with bluetooth standard, yet the drivers of those types of cars are... Re: 2015 Honda CR-V Adopts CVT HerrKaLeun - How did you get that number? Did you already buy a 2015CRV and had to replace the CVT out of warranty? Or do you just make up numbers? Re: SAE J2601, J2799 Standardize Hydrogen Fueling, Increase FCV Range Andrew - Where does gasoline go when you puncture the tank? All over the ground. So if it ignites…*poof* self-carbecue. Hydrogen is... Re: Cell Phone Bans Failing To Curb Accident Rates ddr7 - Cell phone use and DWI are the same in terms of your ability to respond to an emergency situation, how many times it happens that you drive behind a... Re: Cell Phone Bans Failing To Curb Accident Rates kvndoom - If they put cell phone jammers in cars, the accusations of stepping on the First Amendment will run rampant. Let Darwinism run its course. No other... Re: Been Dacia’d And Confused For So Long It’s Not True… insalted42 - True story Re: Been Dacia’d And Confused For So Long It’s Not True… insalted42 - “Just-Auto reports that Opel and Vauxhall will launch two new budget models to attract customers who may have... Re: Cell Phone Bans Failing To Curb Accident Rates FractureCritical - the first rule of writing a law is that whatever you write has to be enforceable, or it’s not a law. Or conversely, it’s not a... Re: Cell Phone Bans Failing To Curb Accident Rates mitchw - Don’t look at me. I drive stick, but could care less what transmission someone has. Can they control their car and be safe and courteous on... Latest Junkyard Finds view all 1982 Volkswagen Scirocco 1978 Porsche 924 1986 Buick Somerset 1979 Datsun 210 1979 Triumph Spitfire 1500 1972 International Harvester Scout II 1976 Ford LTD Brougham Latest Editorials view all Junkyard Find: 1982 Volkswagen Scirocco Galhotra Takes The Reins As Lincoln’s New President Track Analysis: Challenger V6 Track Pack, HEMI Scat Pack, SRT Hellcat Review: 2015 Dodge Challenger SRT “Hellcat” 6MT Opel-Badged Chevrolet Volt Killed In Europe From Czech Republic to Normandy in a Chevy Suburban Lo, How the Mighty are Fallen. Porsche For Sale, Will Trade for Golf Cart New Car Research Select a Make Select Make First Get a Free Dealer Quote Select a Make'+i+'Select a Model'+item.ModelYear+' '+item.ModelName+' &lt;a href=&quot;http://finance.yahoo.com&quot;&gt;Yahoo! Finance&lt;/a&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://finance.yahoo.com/q?s=F&quot;&gt;Quote for F&lt;/a&gt; Piston Slap Articles Chronic Xterra Maintenance? SHO me My Next Car? Chipped or just Broken? The Express’ New Mission? The Last Afghani Trail to Blaze New CV Boots? A Split Decision! Bouncing Back or Sprung Out? Hammer Time Articles The $700 Repo Craigslist English Screw Zipcar, Just Share A Govcar NASCAR For The Novice (The Prequel) How I Royally Screwed Up My Life And Bought… Memories of Metros Are Shareholders Worth It? Vellum Venom Articles World Industrial Design Day 2013 Lincoln MKZ 2015 Camry Regression Analysis MINI Cooper Hardtop (2012) Ovoid Fixation Edition? 2013 Awards Edition 2013 Dodge Charger SRT Generation Why Articles How Citroen Is Disrupting The New Car Market By Selling Access, Not Ownership Arrogance And Adolescence Forced Introduction Panel Discusson With The Globe And Mail Deloitte Study Shows That Money, Not Ideology Is The Biggest Obstacle To Car Ownership Macklemore Is Wack, And So Is Bloomberg’s Piece On Cadillac 2013 Even Worse For Young Car Buyers, But The Dream Is Still Alive Avoidable Contact Articles Cayenne won’t help ya, Cayenne won’t do you no good. Who’s afraid of a little integration? Return Of The Mack. An immodest proposal to solve the German nomenclatural nincompoopery. Torture, forgiveness, meaning. This Geneva Convention Was Torture For Enthusiasts LED, Follow, Or Get Out Of The Way. Staff Editors Jack Baruth Editor-In-Chief pro tempore Derek Kreindler Managing Editor Alex Dykes Review Editor Murilee Martin Heritage Editor Sajeev Mehta Style Editor Ronnie Schreiber Detroit Editor Tim Cain Sales Analyst Authors Brendan McAleer, Canada Marcelo De Vasconcellos, Brazil Matthias Gasnier, Australia Tycho de Feyter, China W. Christian 'Mental' Ward, Abu Dhabi Mark Stevenson, Canada Faisal Ali Khan, India New Cars Used Cars Video Auto Insurance Future Cars Spy Photos Top 10 Compare Cars About Us Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions © 2004 - 2011 The Truth About Cars ");
