http://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/oprah-winfrey-reveals-half-sister-patricia/story?id=12747830
Now Gaza  Khloe Kardashian  Porcelain Dolls  Water Balloon Filler  OSU Band Director  Movie Reviews Good Morning America World News Nightline 20/20 This Week Sign In Home Video U.S. World Politics Entertainment Tech Health Lifestyle Money Shows GMA World News Nightline 20/20 This Week More Investigative Money Sports Good News Photos Fusion Job Search Live Weather Preferences Cancel Set Home Video U.S. World Politics Entertainment Tech Health Lifestyle Money More Investigative Sports Good News Photos Job Search Fusion Live ', stuckClass: 'nav_stuck', offset:20, handler: function(dir) { if(dir==='down'){ $('.nav_stuck').animate({top:'0'}, 250, 'linear', function() { //done }); } else { $('.short_nav').css("top","-60px"); } } }); $('.short_bg').waypoint('sticky', { wrapper: ' ', stuckClass: 'short_stuck', offset:20, handler: function(dir) { if(dir==='down'){ $('.short_stuck').animate({top:'0'}, 250, 'linear', function() { //done }); }else { $('.short_bg').css("top","-60px"); } } }); $(document).ready(function(){ $("#search_input").focus(function() { $(this).filter(function() { //do if nothing entered return $(this).val() == "" || $(this).val() == "Search" }).removeClass("watermarkOn").val(""); }); $("#search_input").blur(function() { $(this).filter(function() { //do if nothing entered return $(this).val() == "" }).addClass("watermarkOn").val("Search"); }); }); Home > Entertainment Talk-Show Queen Oprah Winfrey Reveals a Half-Sister She Didn't Know She Had Jan. 24, 2011 By EMILY FRIEDMAN Emily Friedman More from Emily » Follow @EmilyABC via World News Oprah Winfrey announces she has found half-sister Patricia, who was given up for adoption as a child. ABC News \n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t \n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t Oprah Winfrey announces she has found half-sister Patricia, who was given up for adoption as a child. <\/div> ABC News<\/span>\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t<\/div>\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\t<\/div>\n\t\t\t\t\t\t'; On | | Off Share <br/><a href="http://abcnews.go.com/">ABC News</a | <a href="http://abcnews.go.com/video">More ABC News Videos</a Copy Talk-show queen Oprah Winfrey revealed a "bombshell family secret" today, telling her viewers that she recently learned she has a half-sister whom her mother had hidden from her for decades. "Imagine my shock just a few months ago, at the end of October, when I found out I have another sister living just 90 minutes away," said Winfrey, 56. Winfrey's half-sister Patricia, a single mother of two, had been given up for adoption in Milwaukee, Wis., by Winfrey's mother, Vernita Lee, in 1963. "I was 9 years old at the time of [Patricia's adoption], living with my father in Nashville, Tenn.," Winfrey said. "I had no idea my mother was even pregnant." Winfrey had two other siblings, a brother and a sister, who are both dead. Vernon Winfrey, Winfrey's father, is not Patricia's father. "For the most part, my life has been an open book and on the show I think I've seen about everything," Winfrey said. "And I thought nothing could surprise me anymore, but let me tell you I was wrong." Winfrey described learning about her half-sister as news that "shook her to her core," and left her "speechless." Patricia, whose last name was not revealed on the show, said that she first discovered her link to the media mogul in 2007, after years of searching for her birth mother. After her birth mother refused to meet with her, Patricia, on the phone with her son, Andre, happened to overhear a local news report about Winfrey's mother, who was giving new details about her other children. "Her mother said that two of children had passed away, and I knew [from my records] that I had two siblings who passed away. She said one was named Patricia and one was Jeffrey," Patricia said. "The hairs on the back of my neck stood up, because I knew that one of my siblings and I shared the same name." "I said no, that can't be," Patricia said. But it was. DNA tests proved that Patricia was an 85 percent match to Winfrey's niece, who is the daughter of the first Winfrey sister named Patricia, who died in 2003. Winfrey's longtime best friend and editor of 'O' magazine, Gayle King, told ABC News today that the media mogul was stunned, particularly that the sister she never knew showed so much loyalty. "Here's a woman who legitimately had a story to sell and didn't," said King. "She was trying to find her mother. Oprah, of course, just turned out to be a bonus." Tuesday morning, Winfrey will appear on King's program, "The Gayle King Show," on the OWN cable channel to talk about her revelation. Winfrey's Thanksgiving Reunion Winfrey spent much of today's episode lauding Patricia for not going to the media with her revelation. Now in the middle of the final season of her ratings-shattering, 25-season-long show, Winfrey made it clear that she wanted to be the one to tell the public her family secret. "Needless to say, it's something you need to process when it happens and my family and I agreed that we wanted to do it on our own terms and not have it be some big tabloid spectacle," Winfrey said. Patricia and the rest of Winfrey's family kept the secret so well from the talk-show host that it was an assistant to Winfrey who finally told her the news at the end of October. "My assistant Libby told me 10 minutes before a taping," Winfrey said, explaining that she and her cousin had been playing phone tag, and much of the family wanted her mother to be the one to tell her the news. "It was through my assistant, that's how I found out. Page 1 | 2 View Single Page PHOTOS: Happy Birthday Oprah! Oprah Winfrey to Reveal Big Family Secret Dr. Petit Not Convinced He'll Ever Be Happy Oprah Gifts New Car to 'Favorite Things' Crowd Oprah Winfrey's Secret: A Half-Sister What's Oprah's Big Secret? More Video » Related Topics: Oprah, OWN Network, Gayle King, Thanksgiving 2014 Join the Discussion You are using an outdated version of Internet Explorer. Please click here to upgrade your browser in order to comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Hot Right Now 1 Investigators Solve Mystery of Porcelain Dolls 2 Eerie Porcelain Dolls Left at Homes of Girls They Resemble 3 River Mysteriously Turns Red 4 Man Who Killed Neighbor Over Tree-Trimming Feud Has No... 5 OSU Marching Band Director Fired Over 'Sexualized' Culture   You Might Also Like... Photo Galleries View: Superheroes and Villains Descend on Comic-Con Lifestyle View: World War I Fighters Fly Again US View: See How Families Break Their Ramadan Fast International View: This Week in Pictures: July 19- July 25 International View: Island Homes For Sale Across the Country Business • See It, Share It KABC 'Don't Shoot Me, I'm Pregnant': Man, 80, Says He Killed Burglar Anyway Grimes Family 3-Year-Old Golf Prodigy Has PGA Tour Dreams Newscom River Turns Blood Red Overnight ABC News Man Who Killed Neighbor Over Tree-Trimming Feud Has No Regrets GMA Dramatic Moment When Deputy Pointed Gun at Carjack Suspect 20th Century-Fox Film Corporation/AP Photo Mark Hamill Reveals Secrets from the 'Star Wars: Episode VII' Set Athena Torri/Disney Junior Pregnant Chelsea Clinton Reaches Out to NYC Kids Most Commented 1 Who Thinks President Obama Will Be Impeached? The White House 2 River In China Mysteriously Turns Bloody Red Overnight 3 Dempsey: US Military Dusting Off Cold War-Era ‘Readiness’ for Russia 4 Man Who Killed Neighbor Over Tree-Trimming Feud Has No Regrets 5 Woman Who Left Creepy Dolls On Porches Is 'Embarrassed': Police   Yahoo!-ABC News Network Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us © 2014 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved.
http://www.people.com/people/article/0,,20460114,00.html
People.com People Premium Premium Home Magazine CelebFood People Follow on Twitter Home News Photos Style Red Carpet Video Royals Country TV Babies Food Pets #Unfiltered Magazine Get 4 FREE Issues of PEOPLE TV Watch Main Real Housewives The Voice The Biggest Loser American Idol The Bachelor More Shows America's Got Talent America's Next Top Model The Bachelorette Bachelor Pad Big Brother Celebrity Apprentice DWTS Glee Jersey Shore Kardashians MasterChef So You Think You Can Dance Survivor Top Chef TV News The X Factor Jennifer Lopez 'Danced All Night Long' at 45th Birthday Bash Read It Are Sean Penn & Charlize Theron Engaged? See the Ring! Read It Most Watched Alison Sweeney Opens Up About Leaving Days of Our Lives Watch It People Premium The Week's 5 Buzziest Looks: Kate Hudson, Lea Michele & More! Read It How Marital Stress Is Taking a Physical Toll on Kendra Wilkinson Read It Royal Childhood Exhibit at the Palace Proves Royal Kids Are Luckier Than We Are Read It PHOTO: Get a Closer Look at Ben Affleck as Batman Read It Bindi Irwin: Remembering My Dad Get 4 Free Issues! Snooki Preps for Her Wedding Day with a Great Gatsby-Themed Bridal Shower Read It Andrej Pejic Now Andreja After Sex Reassignment Surgery Read It Dolls Resembling Young Girls Placed Outside Their Homes in California Read It Bride's Accidental Text Leads to Wedding Crashers and a Hilarious Hashtag Read It Is This Blake Lively's Wedding Dress? We Think So! READ MORE TV Watch Oprah's Big Secret: She Has a Half-Sister! SHARES Reprint Oprah Winfrey Fred Prouser/Landov By Hilary Shenfeld updated 01/24/2011 at 12:00 PM EST •originally published 01/24/2011 12:10PM Forty-seven years ago, when Oprah Winfrey was 9 years old and living with her father in Tennessee, her mother, Vernita Lee, became pregnant with a daughter who was given up for adoption. Winfrey had known nothing about it. On The Oprah Winfrey Show on Monday, the talk show host revealed the family secret she had been hyping since last week, introducing her half-sister, Patricia, from Milwaukee. "It was one of the greatest surprises of my life," said Winfrey, who found out the news last October. "It left me speechless." Patricia was born in 1963 in Milwaukee and lived in a series of foster homes until the age of 7. She was then adopted, but said her childhood was "difficult" and she longed to be reunited with her birth mother, Winfrey says. RELATED: Oprah Winfrey Is 'Taking It Slow' with Half-Sister Patricia When Patricia was 17, she had a daughter, Aquarius, and then six years later son, Andre. She was unwed and as a single mom worked two jobs to care for her kids. A Search for Her Birth MotherWhen Patricia, whose last name was not revealed, turned 20, she first tried to find out who her birth mother was but quickly gave up the search. Then a few years ago, she resumed the search and got her adoption records. Through the adoption agency, Patricia reached out to her birth mother, whose name she still didn't know, but her mother did not want to meet her. The very day, she happened to catch a TV news story about a woman named Vernita Lee, who was talking about a son, Jeffrey, who died in 1989, and a daughter, Pat, who had died in 2003. The information matched details in her adoption records. "The hair on the back of my neck stood up," Patricia said. "I said, 'No, that can't be.'" Her son Andre researched Winfrey's background and quickly realized that dates and locations lined up. Patricia tried to reach Lee numerous times, once even having her church pastor contact Lee's pastor, but Lee was not ready for a meeting, Winfrey said. PHOTOS: See all of Oprah Winfrey's photos A DNA MatchSo Patricia went to a Wisconsin restaurant owned by Winfrey's niece, showed her the adoption documents and revealed her suspicion that they were related. Patricia and the niece underwent DNA testing, which proved a positive match. After that, there were a flurry of emails back and forth between various Winfrey relatives and Winfrey, but none would reveal the secret, saying it was Lee's place. Winfrey asked her mother about giving a child up for adoption, but Lee said it wasn't true. Then one day in October, 10 minutes before she was walking out to do a show, Winfrey asked her assistant what the truth was and she replied, "You have a sister." Winfrey confronted her mother with the information and Lee finally admitted the truth. Lee and Patricia met on Oct. 25 for the first time since her birth. On Thanksgiving Day, Winfrey drove to her mother's home in Milwaukee, where her half-sister sister Patricia was waiting. "It was a Beloved moment," Winfrey says, referring to the movie in which a daughter comes back from the dead. Home video shows the two embracing for a long moment. During an interview taped last week with Patricia and their mother, Lee said she had denied the truth for so long because she was ashamed that she had given up a child for adoption. "I thought it was a terrible thing that I had done," Lee said, adding that she felt she wouldn't be able to take care of another child and get off welfare if she had kept her. Still, she said, "I did think about the baby. I went back looking for her and they told me she had left." See what other readers have to say about this story – or leave a comment of your own MORE ON: Oprah Winfrey Share this story: Your reaction: Wow Funny Love Sad Angry The Latest Country What Did Taylor Swift Tell a Young Fan with a Broken Heart? Moms and Babies Gwen Stefani Nurses Her Son in Switzerland, Shares Photo PHOTO: Bates Motel's Olivia Cooke Debuts Shaved Head at Comic-Con People Premium Style Insider: The 5 Best and Worst Looks of the Week John Stamos: The Love Guru see more videos advertisement Exclusive! Stars at Play at Comic-Con From Our Partners Star Tracks Hilary: Chasing the Sun Duff celebrates the release of her new single in N.Y.C. Plus: Channing Tatum, Megan Fox, Katie Holmes & more! How Marital Stress Is Taking a Physical Toll on Kendra Wilkinson 10 Best Celeb Quotes This Week Last Night's Look: Love It or Leave It? Haylie Duff Shares Her Favorite Recipes Better Than Duff Beer: Homer and Marge Simpson-Themed Wine Bottles Style Insider: The 5 Best and Worst Looks of the Week Gwyneth Paltrow Posts Makeup-Free Selfie in Montana Follow PEOPLE on Facebook: Follow PEOPLE on Twitter: Follow @PEOPLEmag Follow PEOPLE on Pinterest: Follow PEOPLE on Instagram: Sign up for our newsletter and other special offers go Thanks for signing up! From Our Partners Subscribe Print Magazine All Access Digital Plus V.I.P. Benefits Give a Gift Buy Current Issue Customer Service Advertise With Us Online In Print Learn More Sweepstakes PEOPLE Apps PEOPLE Premium RSS Sitemap Contact Us Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Service Ad Choices Connect Facebook Twitter Google Plus Instagram Pinterest Tumblr Foursquare Sign up for our newsletter and other special offers PEOPLE News Great Ideas StyleWatch Pets Moms & Babies All sign me up See all newsletters Thanks for signing up! PEOPLE News Great Ideas StyleWatch Pets Moms & Babies All Copyright © 2014 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited. In partnership with AOL Sign up for our daily newsletter and other special offers. Choose your newsletters PEOPLE Daily Great Ideas StyleWatch Pets Moms and Babies Thank you for signing up! Your request may take up to one week to be processed. see all newsletters PEOPLE.com Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Newsletters Subscribe
http://www.people.com/people/article/0,,20460315,00.html
People.com People Premium Premium Home Magazine CelebFood People Follow on Twitter Home News Photos Style Red Carpet Video Royals Country TV Babies Food Pets #Unfiltered Magazine Get 4 FREE Issues of PEOPLE News Main Heroes Among Us Most Voted Bodywatch True Crime Caught in the Act More News Babies Breakups First Look Good Deeds Health Most Beautiful Movie News Music News Red Carpet Royals Scandals & Feuds Sexiest Man Alive Tributes TV News Jennifer Lopez 'Danced All Night Long' at 45th Birthday Bash Read It Are Sean Penn & Charlize Theron Engaged? See the Ring! Read It Most Watched Alison Sweeney Opens Up About Leaving Days of Our Lives Watch It People Premium The Week's 5 Buzziest Looks: Kate Hudson, Lea Michele & More! Read It How Marital Stress Is Taking a Physical Toll on Kendra Wilkinson Read It Royal Childhood Exhibit at the Palace Proves Royal Kids Are Luckier Than We Are Read It PHOTO: Get a Closer Look at Ben Affleck as Batman Read It Bindi Irwin: Remembering My Dad Get 4 Free Issues! Snooki Preps for Her Wedding Day with a Great Gatsby-Themed Bridal Shower Read It Andrej Pejic Now Andreja After Sex Reassignment Surgery Read It Dolls Resembling Young Girls Placed Outside Their Homes in California Read It Bride's Accidental Text Leads to Wedding Crashers and a Hilarious Hashtag Read It Is This Blake Lively's Wedding Dress? We Think So! READ MORE Meet Oprah Winfrey's Half-Sister SHARES Reprint Oprah Winfrey and sister Patricia George Burns By Sara Hammel updated 01/24/2011 at 05:00 PM EST •originally published 01/24/2011 05:10PM She was the family secret that Oprah Winfrey called "one of the greatest surprises" of her life. But on Monday's Oprah Winfrey Show, Patricia, the media mogul's half-sister, stepped forward in a very public way. During the show, Winfrey revealed that she learned she had a sister last October, saying the discovery "left me speechless." RELATED: Oprah Winfrey Is 'Taking It Slow' with Half-Sister Patricia She was 9-years-old and living with her father in Tennessee when her mother, Vernita Lee, became pregnant with a daughter, Patricia, who was given up for adoption. Born in 1963 in Milwaukee, Patricia would later live in a series of foster homes until the age of 7. She was then adopted, but said her childhood was "difficult." Tracing her roots took years of perseverance but Patricia finally discovered her mother – and her half-sister. "I received this big old package of information in the mail," Patricia said during Monday's interview. "And it has all of my birth information in it. I was like, 'Oh my god. I have a family.' " PHOTOS: See all of Oprah Winfrey's photos See what other readers have to say about this story – or leave a comment of your own MORE ON: Oprah Winfrey Share this story: Your reaction: Wow Funny Love Sad Angry The Latest Country What Did Taylor Swift Tell a Young Fan with a Broken Heart? Moms and Babies Gwen Stefani Nurses Her Son in Switzerland, Shares Photo PHOTO: Bates Motel's Olivia Cooke Debuts Shaved Head at Comic-Con People Premium Style Insider: The 5 Best and Worst Looks of the Week John Stamos: The Love Guru see more videos advertisement Exclusive! Stars at Play at Comic-Con From Our Partners Star Tracks Hilary: Chasing the Sun Duff celebrates the release of her new single in N.Y.C. Plus: Channing Tatum, Megan Fox, Katie Holmes & more! How Marital Stress Is Taking a Physical Toll on Kendra Wilkinson 10 Best Celeb Quotes This Week Last Night's Look: Love It or Leave It? Haylie Duff Shares Her Favorite Recipes Better Than Duff Beer: Homer and Marge Simpson-Themed Wine Bottles Style Insider: The 5 Best and Worst Looks of the Week Gwyneth Paltrow Posts Makeup-Free Selfie in Montana Follow PEOPLE on Facebook: Follow PEOPLE on Twitter: Follow @PEOPLEmag Follow PEOPLE on Pinterest: Follow PEOPLE on Instagram: Sign up for our newsletter and other special offers go Thanks for signing up! From Our Partners Subscribe Print Magazine All Access Digital Plus V.I.P. Benefits Give a Gift Buy Current Issue Customer Service Advertise With Us Online In Print Learn More Sweepstakes PEOPLE Apps PEOPLE Premium RSS Sitemap Contact Us Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Service Ad Choices Connect Facebook Twitter Google Plus Instagram Pinterest Tumblr Foursquare Sign up for our newsletter and other special offers PEOPLE News Great Ideas StyleWatch Pets Moms & Babies All sign me up See all newsletters Thanks for signing up! PEOPLE News Great Ideas StyleWatch Pets Moms & Babies All Copyright © 2014 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited. In partnership with AOL Sign up for our daily newsletter and other special offers. Choose your newsletters PEOPLE Daily Great Ideas StyleWatch Pets Moms and Babies Thank you for signing up! Your request may take up to one week to be processed. see all newsletters PEOPLE.com Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Newsletters Subscribe
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-1350261/Oprah-Winfreys-secret-half-sisters-ordinary-life-revealed.html
  Home U.K. News Sports     U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists U.S. Showbiz Home U.K. Showbiz Headlines Arts A-Z Star Search Pictures Showbiz Boards Blogs Video TV Listings My Profile Logout Amazon Videos Feedback DailyMail " + now.format("dddd, MMM Do YYYY") + " show ad Palestinians' 'Day of Rage': Israeli undercover police in running street battles with protesters during Friday prayers in Jerusalem Billionaire hedge-funder husband 'blindsides' his wife of 11 years by filing for divorce while she is on vacation with their three children Underpants bomber failed in mission to blow up airliner 'because he wore same pair of underwear for two weeks' 'I trusted God from the first instant. I knew that he would not abandon me': First words of Meriam Ibrahim after dramatic escape from the gallows in Sudan for marrying a Christian Obama hauls Central American leaders to White House to order them to stop immigration flood – but they blame HIM for ‘ambiguous’ policies Obama set to give child immigrants 'refugee status' BEFORE they arrive in the US: White House floats pilot plan for Honduras in attempt to stop border crisis America's favorite burger comes from a chain that you have probably never heard of Horror as Michigan man is mauled to death by two dogs while out jogging after work 'Learn to park s***bag!' Neighborhood vigilante spray-paints rude messages on cars on crowded New York street Harry Potter and the customs officer: Daniel Radcliffe is turned away from US border over visa issues Mother who took kids to controversial church that used naked light therapy ritual to 'cure' drug addictions and yeast infections loses custody rights Raging husband arrested after hanging family dog then setting fire to his house full of cats after row with wife Ten-month-old girl dies after foster dads left her in car for more than TWO HOURS in 95F heat Heads down toilets, faces in the snow and blacked out in the library: Dangerous trend as hundreds of high school and college students post binge-drinking photos to 'pass-out pages' White House senior adviser Dan Pfeiffer says he 'would not discount the possibility' that House Republicans will try to impeach Obama 'Hillary Clinton's college pot use was an open secret', claims author of explosive new book 'Bucket full of heads': Smirking Australian ISIS terrorist poses with decapitated heads in sickening pictures posted online Jihadists 'order four million girls and women in Iraqi city to undergo female genital mutilation' Mom is left shocked after her son leaves his ice cream sandwich in the heat for 12 hours and it does NOT melt Wikipedia bans computers in Congress from editing pages after changes saw Donald Rumsfeld described as a 'Lizard King' The end of the elephant, rhino and polar bear? Experts say sixth mass extinction on Earth has ALREADY begun 'It's like the Hunger Games': Tourist's uncensored dispatches from North Korea, where citizens are force-fed propaganda and brainwashed into worshiping their Supreme Leader 'You've no idea what you're talking about': Fifi Geldof launches expletive-laden attack on critic who called her sister Peaches 'selfish' online Why did police say Peaches' death was 'unexplained'? Force say 'duty of care' to Geldof family was behind decision to withhold details about her death Previous Next Revealed: The ordinary life of Oprah Winfrey's secret half-sister By Daily Mail Reporter Updated: 11:34 EST, 25 January 2011 10 View comments Revelation shook chat show host 'to the core' Secret half-sister given up for adoption when Oprah was nine Siblings met for the first time on Thanksgiving Day last year She was a single mother who worked two jobs to support herself and her two children. But church-going Patricia also had a huge secret - her older half-sister was the chatshow host Oprah Winfrey. The 47-year-old discovered her famous relative while looking into her family background, after being given up for adoption shortly after her birth in 1963. And in a remarkable example of selflessness she chose not to go public with her discovery, for fear of hurting her half-sister's career. Adopted at birth: Since Patricia's dramatic debut on Oprah's show back in 2010, the sisters have bonded and Winfrey even brough her to the Academy Awards in 2011 Today the U.S. talk show host revealed she was ‘shocked to the core’ last November to learn that her mother Vernita Lee had another daughter who she had given up for adoption shortly after her birth in 1963. 'Yes, it is true,' Winfrey told the audience. 'It is true that my mother is also Patricia's birth mother. That means Patricia is my half sister who I never knew existed.' Winfrey, 56, has now met up with her half-sister, whose surname has not been released, and the two have been reunited with their mother for the first time as adults. Winfrey said she felt impressed that Patricia, from Milwaukee, had kept secret the fact that she was related to the star for three years, for fear of hurting her reputation. She told Patricia: 'I had to meet you because I wanted to meet somebody who had that kind of character. So thank you. Thank you.' Miss Lee put the child up for adoption because she wanted to get off welfare and knew that if she had another child it might not be possible. Single mother: Patricia worked two jobs to support her family Family tree: Oprah's mother Vernita had three other child, Pat and Jeffrey, both deceased, and Patricia, who was given up for adoption weeks after her birth Patricia had a difficult childhood, telling Winfrey: 'I was put up for adoption at birth, and I was left in the hospital for about a month. 'I lived in foster homes until age seven. It wasn't easy for me growing up in foster homes. I've had some good foster homes, and I had some that were not so good, so it had its challenges.' Winfrey said that at the time of her sister's birth she was eight and living with her father, and did not even know her mother was pregnant. She revealed the news on her talk show on her U.S. TV network, OWN. OPRAH'S FAMILY HISTORY Oprah was born to unmarried teenagers, Vernita Lee, a housemaid, Vernon Winfrey, who was in the Armed Forces. During her childhood was raised at various times by her grandmother Hattie Mae Lee in Mississippi, her mother in Milwaukee, and her father in Nashville. She was raped and abused by family friends, who have not been publicly  identified, while in Milwaukee. She moved to Nashville permanently in 1968 to live with her father while she was secretly pregnant at 14. She gave birth to a son, who died when he was just a week old. Oprah had two half-siblings on her mother's side - Jeffrey, who died in 1989, and Patricia, who passed away in 2003. She met her secret half-sister - who, by coincidence, is also named Patricia - in November last year. Winfrey told how Patricia had been trying to identify her mother for years until she saw Miss Lee in a TV interview mention details that coincided with what she knew of her birth family, and the penny dropped. Patricia kept the revelation to herself for three years, before finally getting in contact with Winfrey's niece, which led to Winfrey confronting her mother. DNA tests confirmed that Patricia was an 85 per cent match to Winfrey’s niece Alisha, the daughter of the first Winfrey sister, also named Patricia, who died in 2003. The revelation is the latest in the saga of Winfrey’s complicated and fraught life story, which has included childhood abuse, teenage pregnancy and rumours of lesbianism. After more than two decades on TV, Winfrey is now one of the most successful women in the world with a fortune estimated at $2.7billion (£1.69billion). Prior to revealing her big secret Oprah showed video of her and her partner, Steadman Graham, driving to Milwaukee to meet Patricia for the first time on Thanksgiving Day last year. Patricia, who did not reveal her last name, said she started thinking that Oprah might be her sister when she saw an interview with Miss  Lee on television. The information Lee gave coincided with what she already knew about her birth family. 'Her mother said that two of children had passed away, and I knew from my records that I had two siblings who passed away,' said Patricia. 'She said one was named Patricia and one was Jeffrey 'The hairs on the back of my neck stood up, because I knew that one of my siblings and I shared the same name.' 'I said no, that can't be,' Patricia said. She said she tried to track down Lee, but was told that her mother was not interested in meeting her. She then emailed Winfrey, but her email was dismissed as a fraud and never passed onto the star. Patricia kept her revelation secret, aware that it might 'hurt' her sister to find out about her. But eventually she met Oprah's niece who immediately recognised the family resemblance. DNA tests proved the family connection and this led to Oprah confronting her mother, who confirmed that Patricia was her half sister. Oprah's parents: The chat show host with her father Vernon and mother Vernita in 1994 On first meeting her half sister she was struck by her resemblance to her sister, also called Patricia. 'You look just like Pat,' Winfrey screamed, upon meeting her half-sister for the first time. 'We spent the rest of the afternoon getting to know each other,' Winfrey added. Pat 's was death thought to be related to her years of drug use. Winfrey said that her new sister, who shared Pat's name, reminded her of what her other sister might have been. She told viewers:'It feels like closure for my sister Pat, because my sister, I did the best I could for her, I had to put her through drug rehab twice, and when she came out, she just didn't survive it. 'And [she told Patricia] it feels to me like you are Pat on her very best day. That's what it feels like, really.' Pat's daughter, Alisha, felt the same way: 'It's one of the best gifts I could've ever gotten.' Winfrey had promised a bombshell revelation that had shaken her 'to the core'. She said: 'Imagine my shock just a few months ago, at the end of October, when I found out I have another sister living just 90 minutes away. 'For the most part, my life has been an open book and on the show I think I've seen about everything. 'And I thought nothing could surprise me anymore, but let me tell you I was wrong.' 'It was one of the greatest surprises of my life,' said Winfrey. 'It left me speechless.' Over the years she has shared many of her deepest personal secrets with her fans. These included details of her abusive childhood to drug abuse. She also admitted that she had given birth as a teenager to a son who died soon after birth. Piers Morgan interviewed Winfrey for his first show last week but she failed to mention the half sister. DID PIERS MORGAN MISS THE SCOOP OF THE CENTURY? CNN's new recruit Piers Morgan was quick to gloat about his 'compelling' interview with Oprah Winfrey which aired on his first show last week. But Larry King's replacement isn't feeling quite so pleased with himself today. The former newspaper editor missed landing the scoop of the century after Oprah failed to mention she had a secret half-sister named Patricia. The chat show host - and savvy businesswoman - saved the shock revelation for today's episode of her own TV programme, The Oprah Winfery Show. Morgan tweeted today: 'Damn and blast, you're all absolutely right, I should have asked @Oprah: 'Got any secret half-sisters called Pat we don't know about?' He added: 'Fail.' And his Twitter profile quote today seems more appropriate than ever. It reads: 'One day you're the cock of the walk, the next a feather duster.' Earlier this month Piers described Oprah as 'a great get'. He said at the time: 'Everyone has interviewed Oprah over the years. Is my interview as good as the ones that have been done before? She thought so. I guarantee you’ll enjoy this one.'   Share or comment on this article MOST WATCHED NEWS VIDEOS Previous 1 2 3 Next Pretty teen Sabina Altynbekova playing volleyball for... Man films 'racist' shop workers following him around store US Marines confront 'fake sergeant major' at funeral Sex on the beach. Moment couple are caught in the act Woman smashes windows of SUV as its being reposessed Outstanding three-year-old drummer leads entire orchestra Woman attempts to get clamped car back by stripping North Korean capital's strange wake up call to residents Australian Mark Fahey films inside a textile factory in... Keep your paws off! Dog protects case of beer Video of alleged shoplifter at Wal-Mart goes viral Workers are seen making shoes in a factory in North Korea Hero doctor stops hospital shooting rampage: Psychiatrist... 'Bucket full of heads any1 in aus want some organs please... Two women found GUILTY of beating newly-wed to death outside... Kazakh volleyball player Sabina Altynbekova so attractive... Pregnant woman in labor was prevented from getting to... Mali's president says wreckage of missing Air Algerie flight... Indian rape suspects lie beaten on the ground, surrounded by... Casey Kasem's body could be kept in Montreal funeral home... Was it a contract killing? Police reveal Harvard-educated... Patient, 56, wakes up from routine circumcision to find his... Male model who took the women's fashion world by storm comes... Mystery 'do-gooder' causes panic by leaving sinister dolls... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● Comments (10) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have been moderated in advance. The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton shows off her famous bikini body in a lilac two-piece as she enjoys relaxing break with pals Famous for her figure 'There's no sex during Ramadan!' Khloe Kardashian reveals she and French Montana are abstaining due to his religious beliefs  Too much information... Looking ace! Martina Navratilova soaks up the sun on the beach with partner Julia Lemigova in St Tropez She's a 59-times Grand Slam champion 'It's affecting her milk production': Kendra Wilkinson's marriage heartbreak is taking a toll on her breastfeeding body Marriage is on the rocks Going well then: A bikini clad Cameron Diaz gets up close and personal with Benji Madden as they holiday on a boat in Cannes A romantic getaway  Nicholas Hoult 'cosies up to' Riley Keough at a party... sparking rumors of another split with Jennifer Lawrence Romancing Lisa Marie Presley's daughter? It's a cougar on a lion! Jennifer Lopez celebrates 45th birthday with bizarre cake at $100K bash The singer fed her 100 guests with a huge cake Getting some practice in! Chelsea Clinton shows off her growing baby bump as she plays with New York kids at 'Princess and Pirates' event 'You quit your job because you don't want to play a gay part?' True Blood actor Nelsan Ellis fuels speculation over Luke Grimes' shock exit Fueled the rumors Jennie Garth hits out at 90210 pal Ian Ziering for hurting Tori Spelling with his 'trainwreck' insult about her show They were all co-stars on the hit '90s TV show Dwyane Wade and Gabrielle Union share backstage selfie at Beyonce and Jay-Z gig (after banning wedding guests from using cameras) 'Pregnant' Zoe Saldana shows a hint of her baby bump in low-cut cream dress as she promotes Guardians Of The Galaxy  Hasn't confirmed news Unseen video footage of Amy Winehouse performing in Canada emerges online... days after the anniversary of her death New unseen footage Charlize Theron meets beau Sean Penn in her native South Africa... as she flashes tell-tale ring amid engagement rumors Are they set to wed? EXCLUSIVE PICTURES Just married! Glee star Naya Rivera wears bridal white and new diamonds as she jets home with husband after surprise wedding Morgan Freeman's voice hits a hilariously high pitch as he sucks on helium-filled balloon with Jimmy Fallon The 77-year-old was lost his famous voice May the Force be with you! Evan Rachel Wood wears Star Wars R2-D2 rucksack strapped to her back on trip to Canada Fan of the franchise High maintenance, much? LeAnn Rimes cries after husband Eddie Cibrian AGREES to turn down Dallas role to keep her happy Star reduced to tears  Game of Thrones' Natalie Dormer shows off her shapely legs in shorts suit as she attends mtvU Fandom Awards with co-star Nikolaj Coster-Waldau PICTURED: Inside Robin Thicke and Paula Patton's $3m former marital home, complete with expansive views and a rustic kitchen Split after 20 years Doing the tourist thing! Jessica Biel checks out the sights of Montreal with her family in grey cap, leather jacket and cropped jeans Dressed down but chic Andreja Pejic (who took the women's fashion world by storm as Andrej) comes out as a transgender woman after sex reassignment surgery Hard at work! Maleficent actress Elle Fanning looks exhausted after grueling gym workout She was hitting the gym hard in Los Angeles 'Excited to be a mentor': Grammy winner Alicia Keys joins The Voice as an adviser for Pharrell Williams' team Her musical prowess has earned her status 'It's a wild idea': Nathan Fielder rebrands realtor to sell only ghost-free homes... and convinces man to give quotes while hooked to LIE DETECTOR SPONSORED 'Wear V-necks, look at the camera more, and smile': Nathan Fielder hires focus group to help make him likeable (but is still called NERD) SPONSORED  First look: Gillian Anderson unveiled as tragic heroine Blanche DuBois in West End production of A Streetcar Named Desire A far cry from The X Files Charisma Carpenter in the Buffy! Former Vampire Slayer actress, 44, shares her 'birthday suit' photo Shared with her 170,000 followers over Twitter Not so Hot Right Now: Rita Ora arrives in New York in eclectic patterned tracksuit and matching sweater The pop singer opted for head-to-toe patterns  Sneak peek at 50 Shades Of Grey... and it's hard to whip up any enthusiasm, writes JAN MOIR  The film trailer has just been released I'm such a cool cat! Kesha wears the same feline print in TWO different outfits on promo tour After speaking out about her stint in rehab Salma Hayek snubs her usual sleek hairstyle for wild curls on shopping trip with her mini-me daughter Valentina Curls gone wild 'Doctors want her to mend fences': Paris Jackson to 're-establish family ties' as she returns to LA... before cosying up to male friend 'I've never done the swirl': Gayle King and Kristin Chenoweth confess that neither of them have had an interracial sexual experience Just heavenly! Katie Holmes looks stunning in an angelic white lace dress that leaves her long legs on show  Stunned in sheer sleeves and ruffles 'You've no idea what you're talking about': Fifi Geldof launches expletive-laden attack on critic who called her sister Peaches 'selfish' online Why did police say Peaches' death was 'unexplained'? Force say fear of upsetting Geldof family was behind decision to withhold details about her death The heat is on! Sofia Vergara and new beau Joe Manganiello put on a very amorous display as they jet into Miami for first vacation together They're inseparable Amber Rose bares her toned midriff in a crop top with skin-tight jeans as she hits the nail salon The model made sure to flaunt what she's got in a T-shirt  Modern Family star Eric Stonestreet turned down photo request from Republican Rick Santorum because of his views on gay marriage  Who needs sweatpants! Kim Kardashian opts for a skintight black dress as she lands at LAX with North after Mexican getaway She's so Fancy! Iggy Azalea follows in footsteps of Cindy Crawford and Karlie Kloss as new host of MTV's House of Style Hired for a new gig Adding to the collection! Rumer Willis shows off her new tattoo while her spoof video reveals she has some other ink a very naughty location Harry Potter and the customs officer: Daniel Radcliffe turned away from immigration over visa issues Stopped by American border guards in Toronto Katy Perry brings down the house and takes selfies with fans from the stage as she brings Prismatic tour to NYC The 29-year-old pop singer rocked out Lovelorn teen asks Taylor Swift for advice... and she replies Swift wrote: 'Unrequited love is just as valid as any other kind. It's just as crushing and thrilling!'  Catching up with the Ramsays! David and Victoria Beckham leave their children at home as they enjoy double dinner date with Gordon and Tana in Malibu Out for a spin! Linda Kozlowski spotted on beach-side bike ride with shirtless male as her divorce from Paul Hogan is finalized Crocodile Dundee star 'Out here hampin': Scott Disick clutches a wine glass as he parties with French Montana... a month after being 'hospitalized' for excessive drinking Family drama! Kim Zolciak deals with her son's fractured fibula and new household help on latest episode of Don't Be Tardy Fights and tears  Thor blimey! Chris Hemsworth looks dapper in grey... while wife Elsa Pataky stuns in embellished sheer dress at Guardians Of The Galaxy UK premiere Hilary Duff sexes up her image in over-the-knee boots and shorts as she marks her official return to music She partied at Marquee in New York City Holiday romance? Selena Gomez holds on to a rose as she and Cara Delevingne land in LA after their whirlwind trip to France She has just turned 22 Make-up free Gisele Bundchen smoulders as she models knitwear for designer Sonia Rykiel in seductive black and white images Head-turning look  Rocking out: Tara Reid hits Linkin Park gig in sexy bandage dress after brief Comic-Con visit Sharknado star was in San Diego Hot mama! Megan Fox flashes her midriff in a sexy futuristic ensemble as she steals the show at a star-studded Comic-Con She's a mother of two Calm before the storm? Tori Spelling puts troubles with Dean McDermott on hold as they enjoy a family day out in Malibu It was a sizzling 86F Sandra Bullock 'ready to leave Los Angeles for good' after terrifying incident with armed stalker Ready to move back to Austin, Texas,  Michael Moore's lavish property empire is revealed in court documents as he and wife of 22 years divorce The filmmaker and wife Kathy called it quits  Dressed down Kristen Stewart jets out of LA ahead of filming for new sci-fi movie... as two rising starlets join the cast In an all-black outfit  Marilyn Monroe has got to go! Model bans herself and her family from buying memorabilia of icon after spending $5,000 funding obsession His heart has gone in a new Direction: Harry Styles is off the market as model Paige Reifler claims she is dating the star Has he settled down? They're kopykats! Kim Kardashian points out that 'style icon' Kanye West wore ski masks long before Beyoncé and Jay Z Posted on Instagram  Rosie Huntington-Whiteley wears spray-on blue metallic jeans to fashion launch party... after posting topless promo shot Model was in London Georgia May Jagger goes bare faced in boho ensemble as she makes a rare appearance with boyfriend Josh in New York City Daughter of Mick Jagger The gap is back! Lara Stone's famous pout is put to work for pal Stella McCartney's new fragrance campaign The Dutch model is the latest face of the scent Spellbinding! Jenna Dewan-Tatum stuns in a monochrome dress as she attends Comic-Con event for Witches Of East End Mrs Channing Tatum     Pregnant Snooki has a roaring good time at Great Gatsby themed bridal shower with Jersey Shore co-stars by her side She is due to marry 'I use sheet masks, eye patches, serums and oxygen facials': Stephanie Seymour, 46, reveals the complicated secrets behind her flawless skin Trying to get more readers, Blake? Lively offers rare glimpse of her Marchesa wedding gown on her new lifestyle site Shared a sneak peek     Does Miranda Kerr REALLY only take 15 minutes to get ready in the morning? Supermodel shares her 'simple' routine Has an alkalizing drink Off-duty beauty! Sports Illustrated model Gigi Hadid swaps her bikinis for striking printed trousers and T-shirt to attend fashion event Star looked radiant  'I was so nervous!' Behati Prinsloo reveals what it is really like backstage at a Victoria's Secret show Model has just married Adam Levine 'I'm so blessed to have my little family!' Teen Mom's Jenelle Evans shares first photos of her sweet baby boy Kaiser Born on June 29  Style in black and white! Irina Shayk leaves red carpet glamour behind but still makes a chic statement as she flies into New York Promoting her new film Anna Paquin vamps it up in a black hat and sunglasses as she celebrates 32nd birthday with shirtless husband Stephen Moyer and his daughter Lilac  This will get the fanboys' attention! Evangeline Lilly shows off her slender legs in orange floral romper at Comic-Con Wore a bright ensemble  A Hard(y) day's work! Tom steps out covered in blood as he shoots scenes for gritty Kray twins biopic Legend Don't worry ladies, it's all fake It's about to get hot in the kitchen! Uma Thurman joins cast of chef movie Adam Jones alongside Bradley Cooper Upcoming comedy  Jessie & Slater together again! Saved By The Bell stars Elizabeth Berkley and Mario Lopez reunite on Extra She wore a skintight black and green dress How's that for a side show? Lea Michele airs out her lacy white bra in a sexy black playsuit while out in NYC with her mom A family day out     Back in court: Bethenny Frankel and Jason Hoppy's bitter divorce proceedings continue as they wrangle over Skinnygirl millions OutKast's Andre 3000 gets colorful in a pink wig and bizarre black jumpsuit as he commands the stage with Big Boi at Splendour In The Grass Dressing like a diva! Hilary Duff steps out in thigh-skimming floral romper before her new single debut at New York nightclub Marquee Re-launching career  He really IS the Kung Fu Panda! Jack Black fights with costumed fans at Comic Con... but it's all just for show Voiced the character in  Kung Fu Panda films Color is overrated! Taylor Schilling and Lucy Liu shine bright in black and white outfits in New York City Forgoing her bright prison jumpsuits Holy ravioli! The original Batman and Robin reunite as Adam West is joined by Burt Ward at Comic-Con in San Diego They're living legends Katharine McPhee shows off her toned figure in floral crop top and matching skirt to plug new series Scorpion at Comic Con New television series  Let it rip! Jaimie Alexander parades her six-pack abs in a white tank top on set of new film Broken Vows with shirtless Wes Bentley Own packaged lunch  Godfather in training! Justin Theroux chats with a heavily pregnant friend while on his way to TV appearance The actor always has time for his friends I pity the fool... who doesn't recognize me! Former A-Team star Mr. T, 62, goes almost unnoticed as he steps out undercover in LA Made a rare appearance  Want to be a 'cool' 50-year-old man? Embrace baldness and wear a good watch - but DON'T wax your chest Experts have revealed the definitive guide  Kate Hudson is gym ready as she displays her pert derriere in tropical print micro shorts during day out with Matt Bellamy and son Bingham Getting her brother  ready for school: Model Shanina Shaik opens up about how growing up in a single-parent family and playing mom gave her strength Oar-some skills! Taylor Swift helps fan to dock boat while wearing HEELS during scenic outing in Central Park Singer wore a stylish summer outfit All hands on deck! Leonardo DiCaprio and his model girlfriend Toni Garrn bask in the sunshine on board a yacht in St Tropez All aboard the love boat Enchanting and intimate home-movie pictures show the British Royal family really DO know how to have fun A charming royal record  Rocking horse to a silver breakfast set: Just some of Prince George's gifts now on display at Buckingham Palace in showcase of royal treasures Day walkers! Vampire Diaries' Claire Holt basks in the sunshine as she enjoys Hollywood lunch date with her handsome beau  Had time off filming His indispensables! Sylvester Stallone, 68, leads his wife and three daughters through LAX whilst wearing sporty attire All-black tracksuit  Hilaria Baldwin spends the day shopping with Carmen... as husband Alec tells judge he won't apologize for disorderly conduct arrest It's been a busy day  Guaranteed drama: Soap actress Eileen Davidson 'is joining The Real Housewives Of Beverly Hills... and being paid $750,000' New girl on the scene Jessa Duggar's strict Christian boyfriend is forced to delete anti-Catholic Facebook rant slamming religion's 'deadly errors' Took down his post Not his Best look: Calum trades his clean-cut style for a hipster vibe as he steps out with huge bushy beard Best shave that off What a way to start the day: David Beckham takes teenage son Brooklyn, 15, to a morning spin class in Los Angeles A serious workout Is there anything she can't do? Robin Wright shows off her impressive dance moves during hilarious skit on Jimmy Fallon Swung her hips on stage They're rockstars! Australian boy band Five Seconds Of Summer soak in the fanfare as they're met by hoards of supporters after hectic day in Hollywood Prince William's bad boy friend Guy Pelly banned from roads for third time after he's found guilty of drink-driving in his $150,000 Audi Soccer hero Tim Howard's new WAG Nora Segura shows off her bikini body while frolicking in the ocean in Malibu Just as athletic as him Is this the answer to perfect fitting plus size jeans? Website to create bespoke denim using exact body measurements Perfect fit for all Bachelor alums engaged! Andi Dorfman's castoff Marcus Grodd 'proposed to Juan Pablo Galavis' ex Lacy Faddoul during new spinoff show' How did she lose the weight so fast? Kristin Cavallari shows off slender figure AGAIN, this time in a mini romper... just 11 weeks after having son Ali Larter styles up her black jumpsuit with pretty pink blazer while promoting new series Legends at Comic Con Tossed in some pink and made outfit sizzle Karolina Kurkova shows her cheeky side while living it up at St. Tropez hot spot Showed off her enviably long and slender legs in micro-shorts 'I've let color into my life again': Kesha says she is looking on the bright side after dark days in rehab for eating disorder A new chapter in her life A life of troubled water: That bitter split with Paul Simon, the suicide of his girlfriend and 10 years living as a virtual recluse. Art Garfunkel on how he survived Blue hair, don't care! Kesha rocks a sheer lacy blouse that exposes her bra and newly colored tresses on The Tonight Show She turned heads  She's hungry for more! Bikini-clad Paris Hilton returns for another wet and wild Carl's Jr advert with swimsuit model Hannah Ferguson Nine years since original Casey Kasem's body could be kept in Montreal funeral home for months and his children may never know where he is to be buried, his family fears Progresso 40 Delicious Flavors 100 calories or less. more     DON'T MISS Ben Affleck is a brooding superhero in batsuit in new image from Batman V  Superman: Dawn Of Justice  His upcoming role Nice man-icure: Bethenny Frankel's ex Jason Hoppy shows off pink nails on solo stroll That's a new look for for the former husband of Skinnygirl star Cameron Diaz shows off her athletic figure in a mismatched bikini... as Benji Madden keeps covered up at Sardinia beauty spot Romance in Italy Great Scot! Karen Gillan shows off her legs in a striking minidress as she attends the UK premiere of Guardians Of The Galaxy Looked stunning Peek-a-boob! Lily Allen flashes her cleavage and jokes: 'Looking like the next level traffic warden' as she lights up stage in garish yellow catsuit in Australia Kris Jenner keeps herself occupied with trip to Disneyland while her favorite daughter Kim Kardashian lives it up in Mexico Happiest place on Earth Just the two of us! A hippy chic Miranda Kerr gets smothered in kisses by three-year-old son Flynn - who's a spitting image of his dad Orlando Bloom A Jet and an Angel! NFL star Eric Decker snuggles up to supermodel Erin Heatherton as he makes his modelling debut for Buffalo jeans A Herculean giggle: Bulging biceps, bloody battles - and tongue placed firmly in cheek. Hercules is a silly but terrific blockbuster Writes BRIAN VINER  'Getting my cowgirl on!' Gwyneth Paltrow rides a horse as she heads to the mountains of Montana for Goop Ventured outside of her comfort zone Is Luke Skywalker morphing into Obi-Wan Kenobi? Mark Hamill reveals beard he was 'contractually obligated' to grow for new Star Wars film Gimme less? Britney Spears investigates using laser treatment as a quick fix to slim down She has been performing almost around the clock of late  Momma's boy! Alessandra Ambrosio shares kisses with son Noah after landing at LAX with her family The Victoria's Secret Angel was on mom duty Hunger Games Comic-Con poster hints at rebellion to come in upcoming Mockingjay film as fans await release of the trailer The third installment  Wacky with granny! Miley Cyrus dons DIY colorful braids at Hercules film premiere after-party with director's grandmother A wholesome evening Miami heat! Bacary Sagna enjoys an amorous display with stunning wife Ludovine as temperatures soar on their pre-season break Out of this world! Zoe Saldana leads the glamour in striking chiffon gown as she attends the Guardians Of The Galaxy UK premiere She's just like Gisele! Heidi Klum pulls a Bundchen by posing with her glam squad... only this model (wisely) didn't complain Both top models Daddy's little girl! Doting father Peter Andre heads out with fiancée Emily MacDonagh and six-month-old baby Amelia 'My SoulCycle instructor always calls me out for being off beat!' Supermodel Karlie Kloss on spinning, diet and how she gets those rock-hard abs What a way to start the day: David Beckham takes teenage son Brooklyn, 15, to a morning spin class in Los Angeles Father-son bonding Living in two worlds? Hilaria Baldwin asks for peace as she poses in a bikini... while husband Alec is told to apologize for disorderly conduct arrest 'I'd rather pay a fine than apologize': Alec Baldwin told to 'be a good boy and stay out of trouble' by judge as his wrong-way bike case is adjourned 'The most beautiful lil bear': Jennifer Lopez's ex Casper Smart sends her sweet 45th birthday message with photo of cake he gave her 2 years ago Just the ticket! British model Kelly Brook gets a nasty surprise as she returns to her car following day out in LA with fiancé David McIntosh Doting mother Jenna Dewan-Tatum builds sandcastles with little Everly as they wear matching floral at beach in Vancouver Dad is Channing Tatum Molly Sims and Sarah Michelle Gellar dress in bohemian styles on beach playdate with their children Brought their little ones to a party  Shia LaBeouf appears in New York court to charges for 'yelling abuse and slapping actors' behinds during Broadway show' Star at Criminal Court Princess Mary and Prince Frederik dazzle in the sunshine as the Danish royal family retires to the stunning surrounds of their summer palace Dakota Johnson goes topless as she enjoys steamy kiss with Jamie Dornan in full trailer for highly anticipated 50 Shades Of Grey film Watch the trailer here 'It was not romantic': Dakota Johnson and Jamie Dornan talk about their AWKWARD Fifty Shades Of Grey sex scenes in new interview Trailer is released Bruce Springsteen, 64, recreates his own James Bond moment as he flashes his impressive physique while emerging from the sea in Spain First pictures: Kelsey Grammer celebrates the arrival of his sixth child after wife Kayte gives birth to baby boy The couple already has one daughter together 'I would pick the outfits - I got Chanel to send stuff': Mischa Barton claims designer clothing on The O.C. was all thanks to her high fashion connections Jessica Szohr shares cryptic Instagram message after former flame Tommy Chiabra gets close to Selena Gomez in St Tropez Insinuating heartbreak? Mary Poppins is a bitter underpaid worker in hilarious new parody starring Kristen Bell as the magical nanny The 34-year-old actress quits her job in the skit  BIG BANG SPOILER ALERT! Penny to chase the dollar! Leonard's girl next door will give up acting for steady 9-5 job in upcoming season  Played by Kaley Cuoco 'She's thrilled!' Zoe Saldana 'pregnant with twins' amid reports she plans to have a 'big family' with husband Marco Perego It's her first pregnancy First look: Kate Moss dazzles as she stars in short film for best friend Stella McCartney's Winter 2014 campaign Says: 'We're all golden sunflowers inside' Zac's shoes?: Michelle Rodriguez steps out in construction boots that look like Efron's... just days after he was spotted leaving her house Figure-hugging Roland Mouret dresses that won't break the bank! French designer creates capsule collection for Banana Republic Release is on August 7 Yolanda Foster's husband David reveals her ex Mohamed Hadid played cupid and set him up with the RHOBH star Crrent husband is music producer David Foster Leonardo DiCaprio makes a passionate plea to save endangered species as his inaugural Foundation gala raises $25million All for a good cause 'This could actually happen': Tara Reid warns about the real life threat of a Sharknado as she promotes the sequel Posed for a photo shoot What would Mr. Grey say? Dakota Johnson enjoys a passionate kiss with new beau Matthew Hitt while out in NYC Participating in a bit of PDA in the city 'A lawyer you can trust!' Breaking Bad spinoff Better Call Saul erects fake advertisement for law advice Spotted in New Mexico No wonder he can't keep his hands off her! Eddie Murphy's girlfriend Paige Butcher turns heads in skintight bandage dress at Hercules premiere Tamara Ecclestone looks slimmer than ever as she shows off her incredible post-baby bikini body on vacation with daughter Sophia and her husband  Tough day on set? Bradley Cooper gets intense with girlfriend Suki Waterhouse after she visits him while filming Adam Jones Got a little heated  Hard at twerk! UK popstar Cheryl Fernandez-Versini shows she can even twerk upside down in candid video clip Twerk it out Revealed: How golden girl Zoe Saldana almost quit Hollywood after 'disrespectful' treatment on Pirates of the Caribbean set Disrespected on set  Miami heat! French soccer star Bacary Sagna enjoys an amorous display with stunning wife Ludovine as temperatures soar on pre-season break Well hello, Mrs Huebl: Newlywed Olivia Palermo shows off her impressive legs in tropical print shorts for a trek through New York City Natasha Oakley flaunts incredible figure in skimpy beachwear for photo shoot with French actor beau Martin Medus... then covers up for romantic stroll Cameron Diaz shows her athletic physique in a black monokini as she cosies up to boyfriend Benji Madden in Sardinia Couple have been cruising around Europe Lionel Messi's girlfriend Antonella Roccuzzo exposes her toned tum as they kick back on a yacht during family holiday in Capri Argentinian soccer star Lessons in how to be a redhead: The once-bullied sisters who have turned their once-maligned hair color into a booming business Sex And The City star Cynthia Nixon is shocked to find her ancestor murdered her abusive husband with an axe Stunning revelation 'Pray For Peace': Nicole Kidman and Keith Urban press their palms in devotion alongside Sunday Rose and Faith Margaret supporting Reba McEntire's anthem Back on? Kit Harington tries to go incognito with ex-girlfriend and former Game Of Thrones co-star Rose Leslie while at LA airport Stars from HBO series William Shatner trashes Facebook's new celebrities app in searing blog post (and don't mention George Takei) He didn't hold back 'He's done begging and is moving on': Robin Thicke 'insists marriage to Paula Patton is over' and 'an attorney is working on a settlement' Finally taken the hint Meet the lucky guy living the high life with Selena Gomez and Cara Delevingne (after schmoozing with Lindsay Lohan and Jessica Szohr) Selena Gomez and new BFF Cara Delevingne light up Leonardo Dicaprio's Foundation gala in a slinky bronze dress and plunging monochrome suit 'You are GOLD!': Rita Ora turns heads as she matches shiny metallic dress with tinsel-inspired 'do to perform at Blue Balls Festival She's a golden girl Red carpet goddess! Irina Shayk ensures all eyes are on her in a sheer skirt and plunging neckline at the Hercules premiere for her film debut Veteran actor John Malkovich launches scathing attack on the Sydney Opera House, labeling its acoustics as 'hideous' Not a fan of the building  You're stealing one's thunder! The Queen struggles to watch the Commonwealth Games swimming from behind her lady-in-waiting's enormous hat  Why I prefer solo holidays, by Miranda Hart: Comedian says being able to do what she wants is main attraction of traveling alone Selena Gomez swaps her slinky goddess look for prom princess as she rocks two different dresses at the Leonardo Dicaprio Foundation Auction Short but sweet! LeAnn Rimes displays her legs in Daisy Dukes as it's revealed she and Eddie 'told his children about their affair' Appearance on Extra  Mamma mia! Kristin Cavallari looks amazing 11 weeks after giving birth as she reveals her slim frame in a cream knitted top and skirt Reality star in fine form  Chelsea Clinton celebrates her pregnancy with a gluten-free baby shower in upscale Westchester At Crabtree's Kittle House Working up a sweat! Former Spice Girl Geri Halliwell displays her toned legs in tiny shorts and neon pink trainers as enjoys a summer jog She loves to keep fit  Bikini-clad Kim Kardashian reveals baby North has taken 'her first steps' after completing a week of swimming lessons in Mexico Girls' night! Best friends Victoria Beckham and Tana Ramsay head out for a catch-up over dinner in Santa Monica She left David at home 'She's beautiful!' Glee star Mark Salling confirms relationship with Nickelodeon's Denyse Tontz and says he's 'looking forward to making magic' 'My bald head scared people!' Karen Gillan opens up on her dramatic Guardians Of The Galaxy look... but insists she has no regrets Busting the bank! Leah Remini offers to pay for sister's breast enlargement surgery for her birthday in It's All Relative trailer Generous moment Home sweet Holmes! Katie looks overjoyed to be back in New York as she arrives at JFK with Suri after filming in Los Angeles Flashed a warm smile  New lifestyle guru on the block Blake Lively dazzles in Gucci ad as she moves one step closer to stealing Gwyneth Paltrow's crown The Sweet Escape: Gwen Stefani, Gavin Rossdale and their three boys jet out of London after fleeting trip Thought to be heading home to Los Angeles No sibling style rivalry here! Kendall and Kylie Jenner coordinate in rocker chic ensembles as they jet to Dallas As they arrived at Los Angeles International Green, lean and lacy! Toni Garrn steals the show from famous beau Leonardo DiCaprio in a dazzling emerald gown as she arrives at his charity gala Ship ship hooray! Selena Gomez completes her 22nd birthday celebrations as she parties into the early hours with Cara Delevingne Night out in white satin! Salma Hayek cuts a stylish figure in silky white shirt and loose grey trousers for family dinner Joined by her family 'I only met her a couple of weeks ago!' Glee star Naya Rivera's new father-in-law on her surprise wedding to actor Ryan Dorsey She shocked fans too     'More in love today than ever!' The Duggar family shares intimate wedding day snaps for Jim Bob and Michelle's 30th anniversary Shared photo collage  Ivanka Trump ditches her perfect manicure to get her hands dirty with dad at ceremonial groundbreaking of a new luxury Washington D.C. hotel Planning a white wedding? Bride-to-be Lauren Conrad shows off her much lighter locks in new Instagram snap Shocked her fans A dazzling Dynasty: Cara Delevingne catches up with godmother Joan Collins at the Leonardo DiCaprio Foundation gala The ultimate mentor Snoop Dogg smoked weed in the White House: Rapper admits he lit up while in the bathroom Said he 'pretended it was a napkin' What a difference a day makes! Kim Cattrall ditches her scruffy ensemble for glam blue dress and leather jacket for TCA panel She arrived at LAX  German World Cup victor Mario Goetze enjoys a relaxing mud bath with model girlfriend Ann-Kathrin Brommel during pre-season break Into the blue! Eva Longoria's trim figure is hard to miss as she teams vibrant skinnies with metallic wedges and white blouse She's a style icon London calling! Lindsay Lohan looks ready for a night on the tiles as she heads out in an eye-catching little black dress Partying in the UK It's the Common-SELF Games! Now even the Queen is getting in on the act as she photobombs Australian hockey team's selfies (and #sheevensmiled) Racy-ing to the altar! Ashley Tisdale rocks a daring backless cut-out top and tiny denim hotpants as she prepares for her upcoming nuptials Michelle Dockery highlights her slender frame in a navy bodycon dress at Downton Abbey photocall with co-stars Laura Carmichael and Joanne Froggatt Is There Something I Should Know? Duran Duran sue Chicago-based fan club for $40,000, claiming they were not paid proceeds Elizabeth Berkley shows off her toned legs in tiny denim shorts and flip flops as she steps out for lunch with adorable son Sky Low-key day out First look at a gaunt Jake Gyllenhaal in the trailer for Nightcrawler... the movie that he lost 20lbs for Plays a desperate TV crime reporter She's a (crop) top model! Jourdan Dunn puts her lithe figure on display in form-fitting two piece as she leads celebrity arrivals at fashion launch Today's headlines Most Read Israeli undercover police in running street battles with Palestinian 'Day of Rage' protesters during Friday... Billionaire hedge-funder husband 'blindsides' his wife of 11 years by filing for divorce while she is on... Underpants bomber failed in mission to blow up airliner 'because he wore same pair of underwear for two... 'I trusted God from the first instant. I knew that he would not abandon me': First words of Meriam Ibrahim... Obama hauls Central American leaders to White House to order them to stop immigration flood – but they blame... Obama set to give child immigrants refugee status BEFORE they arrive in the US: White House floats pilot... America's favorite burger comes from a chain that you have probably never heard of Michigan man dies after he is attacked by two dogs during after-work jog 'Learn to park s***bag!' Neighborhood vigilante spray paints rude messages on cars on crowded New York... Harry Potter and the customs officer: Daniel Radcliffe is turned away from US border over visa issues Mom who took kids to controversial church that used naked light therapy ritual to 'cure' drug addictions and... Raging husband arrested after hanging family dog then setting fire to his house full of cats after row with... 10-month-old girl dead after foster parents left her inside car for more than TWO HOURS in 95-degree heat Heads down toilets, faces in the snow and blacked out in the library: Dangerous trend as hundreds of high... White House senior adviser Dan Pfeiffer says he 'would not discount the possibility' that House Republicans... Author of explosive new book claims 'Bill Clinton's mistresses and Hillary Clinton's pot use in college was... 'Bucket full of heads any1 in aus want some organs please dont be shy to ask': Smirking Australian terrorist... Jihadists 'order four million girls and women in Iraqi city to undergo female genital mutilation' Mom shocked after son leaves his ice cream sandwich in the heat for 12 hours and it does not melt Wikipedia bans computers in Congress from editing pages after changes saw Donald Rumsfeld described as a... The end of the elephant, rhino and polar bear? Experts say sixth mass extinction on Earth has ALREADY... 'It's like the Hunger Games': Australian tourist's fascinating dispatches from North Korea, where citizens... 'You've no idea what you're talking about': Fifi Geldof launches expletive-laden attack on critic who called... Why did police say Peaches' death was 'unexplained'? Force say 'duty of care' to Geldof family was behind... 'What you doing? Oh no! Oh no!' Mother-of-four 'begged for her life as she was decapitated by female... Ohio State marching band chief is fired for allowing 'sexualized' rituals among members including performing... Michael Moore's lavish property empire is revealed in court documents as he and wife of 22 years divorce Want to repel mosquitoes? There's an APP for that: Phone software mimics the sounds of predators to repel... Oops! Homeowner reveals a little too much when he takes a photo of his bathroom for real estate listing MORE HEADLINES Hero doctor stops hospital shooting rampage: Psychiatrist uses his own gun to shoot patient who killed caseworker in front of him 'Bucket full of heads any1 in aus want some organs please dont be shy to ask': Smirking Australian terrorist poses with decapitated heads in sickening pictures posted online Two women found GUILTY of beating newly-wed to death outside a California nightclub after 'accidental photobomb' incident facing up to 11 years in prison Kazakh volleyball player Sabina Altynbekova so attractive nobody watches the sport anymore Pregnant woman in labor was prevented from getting to hospital across the street for 30 minutes by President Obama's motorcade on way to fundraiser Mali's president says wreckage of missing Air Algerie flight has been spotted in north of country as 116 passengers feared dead Indian rape suspects lie beaten on the ground, surrounded by angry mob after girl, seven, is found hanging from a tree in latest incident to shame country Casey Kasem's body could be kept in Montreal funeral home for months and his children may never know where he is to be buried, his family fears Was it a contract killing? Police reveal Harvard-educated law professor was murdered with point-blank shot to the head inside locked home as they release photo of suspicious Toyota Prius seen nearby Patient, 56, wakes up from routine circumcision to find his penis amputated Male model who took the women's fashion world by storm comes out as a transgender woman after sex reassignment surgery Mystery 'do-gooder' causes panic by leaving sinister dolls resembling REAL young girls outside homes in gated California community Billionaire hedge-funder husband 'blindsides' his wife of 11 years by filing for divorce while she is on vacation with their three children Michael Moore's lavish property empire is revealed in court documents as he and wife of 22 years divorce 'If you think that women are safe on cruise ships, think again': Passengers recount horror stories of rape to Senate 'Mascara from Amsterdam, or if to be precise from the field': Outrage as female 'separatist' posts Instagram selfie wearing 'looted mascara - and boasting about it' 'We did it!' Mom who lost three kids and grandparents in Christmas fire finds love and marries 'It's like the Hunger Games': Australian tourist's fascinating dispatches from North Korea, where citizens are force-fed propaganda and brainwashed into worshipping their Supreme Leader 'What you doing? Oh no! Oh no!' Mother-of-four 'begged for her life as she was decapitated by female neighbour who scattered body parts across two counties' Royal playtime: Enchanting and intimate home-movie pictures show the Windsors really DO know how to have fun How do you solve a problem like Maria? Putin's daughter (whoever she is) said to have fled from Holland with her boyfriend after Dutch fury at Russia's response to MH17 disaster  The wedding crashers: Invitation that went out to the wrong guests becomes internet hit after stranger responds to text with 'We still coming' Royal garden party: Princess Mary and Prince Frederik dazzle in the sunshine as the Danish royal family retires to the stunning surrounds of their summer palace Haven't they suffered enough? Now MH17 victim's wife is forced to cancel his credit cards because they were being USED by thieving pro-Russian rebels Michael Schumacher's devastated wife puts their £12million private jet with his initials on the tail up for sale Jihadists 'order four million girls and women in Iraqi city to undergo female genital mutilation' America's favorite burger comes from a chain that you have probably never heard of 'You've no idea what you're talking about': Fifi Geldof launches expletive-laden attack on critic who called her sister Peaches 'selfish' online Father smirks as he is sentenced to 18 years for fatally beating two-year-old daughter in attack he hoped would make her a lesbian so she would avoid men MOST READ IN DETAIL CARPOOL COOKING Quick & easy recipe ideas for the entire family more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Mobile Apps RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network Evening Standard This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Villa Holidays Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us Advertise with us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-1350563/Oprah-Winfreys-father-learnt-secret-half-sister-TV-show.html
  Home U.K. News Sports     U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists U.S. Showbiz Home U.K. Showbiz Headlines Arts A-Z Star Search Pictures Showbiz Boards Blogs Video TV Listings My Profile Logout Amazon Videos Feedback DailyMail " + now.format("dddd, MMM Do YYYY") + " show ad Palestinians' 'Day of Rage': Israeli undercover police in running street battles with protesters during Friday prayers in Jerusalem Billionaire hedge-funder husband 'blindsides' his wife of 11 years by filing for divorce while she is on vacation with their three children Underpants bomber failed in mission to blow up airliner 'because he wore same pair of underwear for two weeks' 'I trusted God from the first instant. I knew that he would not abandon me': First words of Meriam Ibrahim after dramatic escape from the gallows in Sudan for marrying a Christian Obama hauls Central American leaders to White House to order them to stop immigration flood – but they blame HIM for ‘ambiguous’ policies Obama set to give child immigrants 'refugee status' BEFORE they arrive in the US: White House floats pilot plan for Honduras in attempt to stop border crisis America's favorite burger comes from a chain that you have probably never heard of Horror as Michigan man is mauled to death by two dogs while out jogging after work 'Learn to park s***bag!' Neighborhood vigilante spray-paints rude messages on cars on crowded New York street Harry Potter and the customs officer: Daniel Radcliffe is turned away from US border over visa issues Mother who took kids to controversial church that used naked light therapy ritual to 'cure' drug addictions and yeast infections loses custody rights Raging husband arrested after hanging family dog then setting fire to his house full of cats after row with wife Ten-month-old girl dies after foster dads left her in car for more than TWO HOURS in 95F heat Heads down toilets, faces in the snow and blacked out in the library: Dangerous trend as hundreds of high school and college students post binge-drinking photos to 'pass-out pages' White House senior adviser Dan Pfeiffer says he 'would not discount the possibility' that House Republicans will try to impeach Obama 'Hillary Clinton's college pot use was an open secret', claims author of explosive new book 'Bucket full of heads': Smirking Australian ISIS terrorist poses with decapitated heads in sickening pictures posted online Jihadists 'order four million girls and women in Iraqi city to undergo female genital mutilation' Mom is left shocked after her son leaves his ice cream sandwich in the heat for 12 hours and it does NOT melt Wikipedia bans computers in Congress from editing pages after changes saw Donald Rumsfeld described as a 'Lizard King' The end of the elephant, rhino and polar bear? Experts say sixth mass extinction on Earth has ALREADY begun 'It's like the Hunger Games': Tourist's uncensored dispatches from North Korea, where citizens are force-fed propaganda and brainwashed into worshiping their Supreme Leader 'You've no idea what you're talking about': Fifi Geldof launches expletive-laden attack on critic who called her sister Peaches 'selfish' online Why did police say Peaches' death was 'unexplained'? Force say 'duty of care' to Geldof family was behind decision to withhold details about her death Previous Next 'I knew nothing about it,' Oprah Winfrey's father learnt about new half-sister on her TV show By Daily Mail Reporter Updated: 07:42 EST, 26 January 2011 5 View comments Oprha Winfrey's father has revealed that he only learnt about her new half-sister yesterday, along with the viewing public. 'Every family has some secrets,' Vernon Winfrey said today. 'Some will be aired, and some will not. It's nothing to be shameful about.' Support: Oprah Winfrey with her father Vernon back in 1994; he says he is happy she has found her half-sister Vernon's former partner Vernita Lee gave birth to her daughter Patricia in 1963, putting the baby up for adoption so that she could come off welfare and return to work. Oprah, then aged eight, was living with Vernon in Tennessee at the time and both knew nothing of the birth. Vernon told Radar that he was pleased by the discovery.   More... Revealed: The ordinary life of Oprah Winfrey's secret half-sister 'I’m pleased for Oprah that she discovered that she has a new half sister and I would like to meet her too,' he said. 'I intend to call Oprah later this evening actually to try and catch-up with her about the exciting news.' Revelation: Oprah introduces her sister Patricia on her OWN network yesterday And he said that his former partner should not feel any shame about the revelation. 'I knew Vernita’s two deceased children and she sent Oprah to me because she could not cope and was having a hard time.' 'I don’t blame her for giving-up Patricia because I know it was done out of love and she just wanted a better life for her.  'I intend to call Vernita and tell her to hold her head-up high because she has done nothing to feel ashamed of and she is a loving kind of person.' Oprah announced the existence of her sister yesterday on her U.S. TV network OWN. Patricia is her only surviving sibling, with her half-brother Jeffrey dying of AIDS in 1989 and her half-sister Pat dying in 2003 after years of drug abuse. Today she told her close friend Gayle King on her chatshow that she and her newly discovered sister were working at building a relationship. 'We're taking it slow,' she said on The Gayle King Show. 'I think it's about building a relationship one conversation – one experience – at a time.' But she said their mutual concern for their mother had helped them. 'I think we have ... the common interest of our mother,' Oprah said. 'Everybody who's dealing with an ailing parent understands that process of getting care for them. 'And we're speaking regularly about that.' Share or comment on this article MOST WATCHED NEWS VIDEOS Previous 1 2 3 4 Next Pretty teen Sabina Altynbekova playing volleyball for... Man films 'racist' shop workers following him around store US Marines confront 'fake sergeant major' at funeral Sex on the beach. Moment couple are caught in the act Woman smashes windows of SUV as its being reposessed Outstanding three-year-old drummer leads entire orchestra Woman attempts to get clamped car back by stripping North Korean capital's strange wake up call to residents Australian Mark Fahey films inside a textile factory in... Keep your paws off! Dog protects case of beer Video of alleged shoplifter at Wal-Mart goes viral Workers are seen making shoes in a factory in North Korea Hero doctor stops hospital shooting rampage: Psychiatrist... 'Bucket full of heads any1 in aus want some organs please... Two women found GUILTY of beating newly-wed to death outside... Kazakh volleyball player Sabina Altynbekova so attractive... Pregnant woman in labor was prevented from getting to... Mali's president says wreckage of missing Air Algerie flight... Indian rape suspects lie beaten on the ground, surrounded by... Casey Kasem's body could be kept in Montreal funeral home... Was it a contract killing? Police reveal Harvard-educated... Patient, 56, wakes up from routine circumcision to find his... Male model who took the women's fashion world by storm comes... Mystery 'do-gooder' causes panic by leaving sinister dolls... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments (5) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have been moderated in advance. The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton shows off her famous bikini body in a lilac two-piece as she enjoys relaxing break with pals Famous for her figure 'There's no sex during Ramadan!' Khloe Kardashian reveals she and French Montana are abstaining due to his religious beliefs  Too much information... Looking ace! Martina Navratilova soaks up the sun on the beach with partner Julia Lemigova in St Tropez She's a 59-times Grand Slam champion 'It's affecting her milk production': Kendra Wilkinson's marriage heartbreak is taking a toll on her breastfeeding body Marriage is on the rocks Going well then: A bikini clad Cameron Diaz gets up close and personal with Benji Madden as they holiday on a boat in Cannes A romantic getaway  Nicholas Hoult 'cosies up to' Riley Keough at a party... sparking rumors of another split with Jennifer Lawrence Romancing Lisa Marie Presley's daughter? It's a cougar on a lion! Jennifer Lopez celebrates 45th birthday with bizarre cake at $100K bash The singer fed her 100 guests with a huge cake Getting some practice in! Chelsea Clinton shows off her growing baby bump as she plays with New York kids at 'Princess and Pirates' event 'You quit your job because you don't want to play a gay part?' True Blood actor Nelsan Ellis fuels speculation over Luke Grimes' shock exit Fueled the rumors Jennie Garth hits out at 90210 pal Ian Ziering for hurting Tori Spelling with his 'trainwreck' insult about her show They were all co-stars on the hit '90s TV show Dwyane Wade and Gabrielle Union share backstage selfie at Beyonce and Jay-Z gig (after banning wedding guests from using cameras) 'Pregnant' Zoe Saldana shows a hint of her baby bump in low-cut cream dress as she promotes Guardians Of The Galaxy  Hasn't confirmed news Unseen video footage of Amy Winehouse performing in Canada emerges online... days after the anniversary of her death New unseen footage Charlize Theron meets beau Sean Penn in her native South Africa... as she flashes tell-tale ring amid engagement rumors Are they set to wed? EXCLUSIVE PICTURES Just married! Glee star Naya Rivera wears bridal white and new diamonds as she jets home with husband after surprise wedding Morgan Freeman's voice hits a hilariously high pitch as he sucks on helium-filled balloon with Jimmy Fallon The 77-year-old was lost his famous voice May the Force be with you! Evan Rachel Wood wears Star Wars R2-D2 rucksack strapped to her back on trip to Canada Fan of the franchise High maintenance, much? LeAnn Rimes cries after husband Eddie Cibrian AGREES to turn down Dallas role to keep her happy Star reduced to tears  Game of Thrones' Natalie Dormer shows off her shapely legs in shorts suit as she attends mtvU Fandom Awards with co-star Nikolaj Coster-Waldau PICTURED: Inside Robin Thicke and Paula Patton's $3m former marital home, complete with expansive views and a rustic kitchen Split after 20 years Doing the tourist thing! Jessica Biel checks out the sights of Montreal with her family in grey cap, leather jacket and cropped jeans Dressed down but chic Andreja Pejic (who took the women's fashion world by storm as Andrej) comes out as a transgender woman after sex reassignment surgery Hard at work! Maleficent actress Elle Fanning looks exhausted after grueling gym workout She was hitting the gym hard in Los Angeles 'Excited to be a mentor': Grammy winner Alicia Keys joins The Voice as an adviser for Pharrell Williams' team Her musical prowess has earned her status 'It's a wild idea': Nathan Fielder rebrands realtor to sell only ghost-free homes... and convinces man to give quotes while hooked to LIE DETECTOR SPONSORED 'Wear V-necks, look at the camera more, and smile': Nathan Fielder hires focus group to help make him likeable (but is still called NERD) SPONSORED  First look: Gillian Anderson unveiled as tragic heroine Blanche DuBois in West End production of A Streetcar Named Desire A far cry from The X Files Charisma Carpenter in the Buffy! Former Vampire Slayer actress, 44, shares her 'birthday suit' photo Shared with her 170,000 followers over Twitter Not so Hot Right Now: Rita Ora arrives in New York in eclectic patterned tracksuit and matching sweater The pop singer opted for head-to-toe patterns  Sneak peek at 50 Shades Of Grey... and it's hard to whip up any enthusiasm, writes JAN MOIR  The film trailer has just been released I'm such a cool cat! Kesha wears the same feline print in TWO different outfits on promo tour After speaking out about her stint in rehab Salma Hayek snubs her usual sleek hairstyle for wild curls on shopping trip with her mini-me daughter Valentina Curls gone wild 'Doctors want her to mend fences': Paris Jackson to 're-establish family ties' as she returns to LA... before cosying up to male friend 'I've never done the swirl': Gayle King and Kristin Chenoweth confess that neither of them have had an interracial sexual experience Just heavenly! Katie Holmes looks stunning in an angelic white lace dress that leaves her long legs on show  Stunned in sheer sleeves and ruffles 'You've no idea what you're talking about': Fifi Geldof launches expletive-laden attack on critic who called her sister Peaches 'selfish' online Why did police say Peaches' death was 'unexplained'? Force say fear of upsetting Geldof family was behind decision to withhold details about her death The heat is on! Sofia Vergara and new beau Joe Manganiello put on a very amorous display as they jet into Miami for first vacation together They're inseparable Amber Rose bares her toned midriff in a crop top with skin-tight jeans as she hits the nail salon The model made sure to flaunt what she's got in a T-shirt  Modern Family star Eric Stonestreet turned down photo request from Republican Rick Santorum because of his views on gay marriage  Who needs sweatpants! Kim Kardashian opts for a skintight black dress as she lands at LAX with North after Mexican getaway She's so Fancy! Iggy Azalea follows in footsteps of Cindy Crawford and Karlie Kloss as new host of MTV's House of Style Hired for a new gig Adding to the collection! Rumer Willis shows off her new tattoo while her spoof video reveals she has some other ink a very naughty location Harry Potter and the customs officer: Daniel Radcliffe turned away from immigration over visa issues Stopped by American border guards in Toronto Katy Perry brings down the house and takes selfies with fans from the stage as she brings Prismatic tour to NYC The 29-year-old pop singer rocked out Lovelorn teen asks Taylor Swift for advice... and she replies Swift wrote: 'Unrequited love is just as valid as any other kind. It's just as crushing and thrilling!'  Catching up with the Ramsays! David and Victoria Beckham leave their children at home as they enjoy double dinner date with Gordon and Tana in Malibu Out for a spin! Linda Kozlowski spotted on beach-side bike ride with shirtless male as her divorce from Paul Hogan is finalized Crocodile Dundee star 'Out here hampin': Scott Disick clutches a wine glass as he parties with French Montana... a month after being 'hospitalized' for excessive drinking Family drama! Kim Zolciak deals with her son's fractured fibula and new household help on latest episode of Don't Be Tardy Fights and tears  Thor blimey! Chris Hemsworth looks dapper in grey... while wife Elsa Pataky stuns in embellished sheer dress at Guardians Of The Galaxy UK premiere Hilary Duff sexes up her image in over-the-knee boots and shorts as she marks her official return to music She partied at Marquee in New York City Holiday romance? Selena Gomez holds on to a rose as she and Cara Delevingne land in LA after their whirlwind trip to France She has just turned 22 Make-up free Gisele Bundchen smoulders as she models knitwear for designer Sonia Rykiel in seductive black and white images Head-turning look  Rocking out: Tara Reid hits Linkin Park gig in sexy bandage dress after brief Comic-Con visit Sharknado star was in San Diego Hot mama! Megan Fox flashes her midriff in a sexy futuristic ensemble as she steals the show at a star-studded Comic-Con She's a mother of two Calm before the storm? Tori Spelling puts troubles with Dean McDermott on hold as they enjoy a family day out in Malibu It was a sizzling 86F Sandra Bullock 'ready to leave Los Angeles for good' after terrifying incident with armed stalker Ready to move back to Austin, Texas,  Michael Moore's lavish property empire is revealed in court documents as he and wife of 22 years divorce The filmmaker and wife Kathy called it quits  Dressed down Kristen Stewart jets out of LA ahead of filming for new sci-fi movie... as two rising starlets join the cast In an all-black outfit  Marilyn Monroe has got to go! Model bans herself and her family from buying memorabilia of icon after spending $5,000 funding obsession His heart has gone in a new Direction: Harry Styles is off the market as model Paige Reifler claims she is dating the star Has he settled down? They're kopykats! Kim Kardashian points out that 'style icon' Kanye West wore ski masks long before Beyoncé and Jay Z Posted on Instagram  Rosie Huntington-Whiteley wears spray-on blue metallic jeans to fashion launch party... after posting topless promo shot Model was in London Georgia May Jagger goes bare faced in boho ensemble as she makes a rare appearance with boyfriend Josh in New York City Daughter of Mick Jagger The gap is back! Lara Stone's famous pout is put to work for pal Stella McCartney's new fragrance campaign The Dutch model is the latest face of the scent Spellbinding! Jenna Dewan-Tatum stuns in a monochrome dress as she attends Comic-Con event for Witches Of East End Mrs Channing Tatum     Pregnant Snooki has a roaring good time at Great Gatsby themed bridal shower with Jersey Shore co-stars by her side She is due to marry 'I use sheet masks, eye patches, serums and oxygen facials': Stephanie Seymour, 46, reveals the complicated secrets behind her flawless skin Trying to get more readers, Blake? Lively offers rare glimpse of her Marchesa wedding gown on her new lifestyle site Shared a sneak peek     Does Miranda Kerr REALLY only take 15 minutes to get ready in the morning? Supermodel shares her 'simple' routine Has an alkalizing drink Off-duty beauty! Sports Illustrated model Gigi Hadid swaps her bikinis for striking printed trousers and T-shirt to attend fashion event Star looked radiant  'I was so nervous!' Behati Prinsloo reveals what it is really like backstage at a Victoria's Secret show Model has just married Adam Levine 'I'm so blessed to have my little family!' Teen Mom's Jenelle Evans shares first photos of her sweet baby boy Kaiser Born on June 29  Style in black and white! Irina Shayk leaves red carpet glamour behind but still makes a chic statement as she flies into New York Promoting her new film Anna Paquin vamps it up in a black hat and sunglasses as she celebrates 32nd birthday with shirtless husband Stephen Moyer and his daughter Lilac  This will get the fanboys' attention! Evangeline Lilly shows off her slender legs in orange floral romper at Comic-Con Wore a bright ensemble  A Hard(y) day's work! Tom steps out covered in blood as he shoots scenes for gritty Kray twins biopic Legend Don't worry ladies, it's all fake It's about to get hot in the kitchen! Uma Thurman joins cast of chef movie Adam Jones alongside Bradley Cooper Upcoming comedy  Jessie & Slater together again! Saved By The Bell stars Elizabeth Berkley and Mario Lopez reunite on Extra She wore a skintight black and green dress How's that for a side show? Lea Michele airs out her lacy white bra in a sexy black playsuit while out in NYC with her mom A family day out     Back in court: Bethenny Frankel and Jason Hoppy's bitter divorce proceedings continue as they wrangle over Skinnygirl millions OutKast's Andre 3000 gets colorful in a pink wig and bizarre black jumpsuit as he commands the stage with Big Boi at Splendour In The Grass Dressing like a diva! Hilary Duff steps out in thigh-skimming floral romper before her new single debut at New York nightclub Marquee Re-launching career  He really IS the Kung Fu Panda! Jack Black fights with costumed fans at Comic Con... but it's all just for show Voiced the character in  Kung Fu Panda films Color is overrated! Taylor Schilling and Lucy Liu shine bright in black and white outfits in New York City Forgoing her bright prison jumpsuits Holy ravioli! The original Batman and Robin reunite as Adam West is joined by Burt Ward at Comic-Con in San Diego They're living legends Katharine McPhee shows off her toned figure in floral crop top and matching skirt to plug new series Scorpion at Comic Con New television series  Let it rip! Jaimie Alexander parades her six-pack abs in a white tank top on set of new film Broken Vows with shirtless Wes Bentley Own packaged lunch  Godfather in training! Justin Theroux chats with a heavily pregnant friend while on his way to TV appearance The actor always has time for his friends I pity the fool... who doesn't recognize me! Former A-Team star Mr. T, 62, goes almost unnoticed as he steps out undercover in LA Made a rare appearance  Want to be a 'cool' 50-year-old man? Embrace baldness and wear a good watch - but DON'T wax your chest Experts have revealed the definitive guide  Kate Hudson is gym ready as she displays her pert derriere in tropical print micro shorts during day out with Matt Bellamy and son Bingham Getting her brother  ready for school: Model Shanina Shaik opens up about how growing up in a single-parent family and playing mom gave her strength Oar-some skills! Taylor Swift helps fan to dock boat while wearing HEELS during scenic outing in Central Park Singer wore a stylish summer outfit All hands on deck! Leonardo DiCaprio and his model girlfriend Toni Garrn bask in the sunshine on board a yacht in St Tropez All aboard the love boat Enchanting and intimate home-movie pictures show the British Royal family really DO know how to have fun A charming royal record  Rocking horse to a silver breakfast set: Just some of Prince George's gifts now on display at Buckingham Palace in showcase of royal treasures Day walkers! Vampire Diaries' Claire Holt basks in the sunshine as she enjoys Hollywood lunch date with her handsome beau  Had time off filming His indispensables! Sylvester Stallone, 68, leads his wife and three daughters through LAX whilst wearing sporty attire All-black tracksuit  Hilaria Baldwin spends the day shopping with Carmen... as husband Alec tells judge he won't apologize for disorderly conduct arrest It's been a busy day  Guaranteed drama: Soap actress Eileen Davidson 'is joining The Real Housewives Of Beverly Hills... and being paid $750,000' New girl on the scene Jessa Duggar's strict Christian boyfriend is forced to delete anti-Catholic Facebook rant slamming religion's 'deadly errors' Took down his post Not his Best look: Calum trades his clean-cut style for a hipster vibe as he steps out with huge bushy beard Best shave that off What a way to start the day: David Beckham takes teenage son Brooklyn, 15, to a morning spin class in Los Angeles A serious workout Is there anything she can't do? Robin Wright shows off her impressive dance moves during hilarious skit on Jimmy Fallon Swung her hips on stage They're rockstars! Australian boy band Five Seconds Of Summer soak in the fanfare as they're met by hoards of supporters after hectic day in Hollywood Prince William's bad boy friend Guy Pelly banned from roads for third time after he's found guilty of drink-driving in his $150,000 Audi Soccer hero Tim Howard's new WAG Nora Segura shows off her bikini body while frolicking in the ocean in Malibu Just as athletic as him Is this the answer to perfect fitting plus size jeans? Website to create bespoke denim using exact body measurements Perfect fit for all Bachelor alums engaged! Andi Dorfman's castoff Marcus Grodd 'proposed to Juan Pablo Galavis' ex Lacy Faddoul during new spinoff show' How did she lose the weight so fast? Kristin Cavallari shows off slender figure AGAIN, this time in a mini romper... just 11 weeks after having son Ali Larter styles up her black jumpsuit with pretty pink blazer while promoting new series Legends at Comic Con Tossed in some pink and made outfit sizzle Karolina Kurkova shows her cheeky side while living it up at St. Tropez hot spot Showed off her enviably long and slender legs in micro-shorts 'I've let color into my life again': Kesha says she is looking on the bright side after dark days in rehab for eating disorder A new chapter in her life A life of troubled water: That bitter split with Paul Simon, the suicide of his girlfriend and 10 years living as a virtual recluse. Art Garfunkel on how he survived Blue hair, don't care! Kesha rocks a sheer lacy blouse that exposes her bra and newly colored tresses on The Tonight Show She turned heads  She's hungry for more! Bikini-clad Paris Hilton returns for another wet and wild Carl's Jr advert with swimsuit model Hannah Ferguson Nine years since original Casey Kasem's body could be kept in Montreal funeral home for months and his children may never know where he is to be buried, his family fears Progresso 40 Delicious Flavors 100 calories or less. more     DON'T MISS Ben Affleck is a brooding superhero in batsuit in new image from Batman V  Superman: Dawn Of Justice  His upcoming role Nice man-icure: Bethenny Frankel's ex Jason Hoppy shows off pink nails on solo stroll That's a new look for for the former husband of Skinnygirl star Cameron Diaz shows off her athletic figure in a mismatched bikini... as Benji Madden keeps covered up at Sardinia beauty spot Romance in Italy Great Scot! Karen Gillan shows off her legs in a striking minidress as she attends the UK premiere of Guardians Of The Galaxy Looked stunning Peek-a-boob! Lily Allen flashes her cleavage and jokes: 'Looking like the next level traffic warden' as she lights up stage in garish yellow catsuit in Australia Kris Jenner keeps herself occupied with trip to Disneyland while her favorite daughter Kim Kardashian lives it up in Mexico Happiest place on Earth Just the two of us! A hippy chic Miranda Kerr gets smothered in kisses by three-year-old son Flynn - who's a spitting image of his dad Orlando Bloom A Jet and an Angel! NFL star Eric Decker snuggles up to supermodel Erin Heatherton as he makes his modelling debut for Buffalo jeans A Herculean giggle: Bulging biceps, bloody battles - and tongue placed firmly in cheek. Hercules is a silly but terrific blockbuster Writes BRIAN VINER  'Getting my cowgirl on!' Gwyneth Paltrow rides a horse as she heads to the mountains of Montana for Goop Ventured outside of her comfort zone Is Luke Skywalker morphing into Obi-Wan Kenobi? Mark Hamill reveals beard he was 'contractually obligated' to grow for new Star Wars film Gimme less? Britney Spears investigates using laser treatment as a quick fix to slim down She has been performing almost around the clock of late  Momma's boy! Alessandra Ambrosio shares kisses with son Noah after landing at LAX with her family The Victoria's Secret Angel was on mom duty Hunger Games Comic-Con poster hints at rebellion to come in upcoming Mockingjay film as fans await release of the trailer The third installment  Wacky with granny! Miley Cyrus dons DIY colorful braids at Hercules film premiere after-party with director's grandmother A wholesome evening Miami heat! Bacary Sagna enjoys an amorous display with stunning wife Ludovine as temperatures soar on their pre-season break Out of this world! Zoe Saldana leads the glamour in striking chiffon gown as she attends the Guardians Of The Galaxy UK premiere She's just like Gisele! Heidi Klum pulls a Bundchen by posing with her glam squad... only this model (wisely) didn't complain Both top models Daddy's little girl! Doting father Peter Andre heads out with fiancée Emily MacDonagh and six-month-old baby Amelia 'My SoulCycle instructor always calls me out for being off beat!' Supermodel Karlie Kloss on spinning, diet and how she gets those rock-hard abs What a way to start the day: David Beckham takes teenage son Brooklyn, 15, to a morning spin class in Los Angeles Father-son bonding Living in two worlds? Hilaria Baldwin asks for peace as she poses in a bikini... while husband Alec is told to apologize for disorderly conduct arrest 'I'd rather pay a fine than apologize': Alec Baldwin told to 'be a good boy and stay out of trouble' by judge as his wrong-way bike case is adjourned 'The most beautiful lil bear': Jennifer Lopez's ex Casper Smart sends her sweet 45th birthday message with photo of cake he gave her 2 years ago Just the ticket! British model Kelly Brook gets a nasty surprise as she returns to her car following day out in LA with fiancé David McIntosh Doting mother Jenna Dewan-Tatum builds sandcastles with little Everly as they wear matching floral at beach in Vancouver Dad is Channing Tatum Molly Sims and Sarah Michelle Gellar dress in bohemian styles on beach playdate with their children Brought their little ones to a party  Shia LaBeouf appears in New York court to charges for 'yelling abuse and slapping actors' behinds during Broadway show' Star at Criminal Court Princess Mary and Prince Frederik dazzle in the sunshine as the Danish royal family retires to the stunning surrounds of their summer palace Dakota Johnson goes topless as she enjoys steamy kiss with Jamie Dornan in full trailer for highly anticipated 50 Shades Of Grey film Watch the trailer here 'It was not romantic': Dakota Johnson and Jamie Dornan talk about their AWKWARD Fifty Shades Of Grey sex scenes in new interview Trailer is released Bruce Springsteen, 64, recreates his own James Bond moment as he flashes his impressive physique while emerging from the sea in Spain First pictures: Kelsey Grammer celebrates the arrival of his sixth child after wife Kayte gives birth to baby boy The couple already has one daughter together 'I would pick the outfits - I got Chanel to send stuff': Mischa Barton claims designer clothing on The O.C. was all thanks to her high fashion connections Jessica Szohr shares cryptic Instagram message after former flame Tommy Chiabra gets close to Selena Gomez in St Tropez Insinuating heartbreak? Mary Poppins is a bitter underpaid worker in hilarious new parody starring Kristen Bell as the magical nanny The 34-year-old actress quits her job in the skit  BIG BANG SPOILER ALERT! Penny to chase the dollar! Leonard's girl next door will give up acting for steady 9-5 job in upcoming season  Played by Kaley Cuoco 'She's thrilled!' Zoe Saldana 'pregnant with twins' amid reports she plans to have a 'big family' with husband Marco Perego It's her first pregnancy First look: Kate Moss dazzles as she stars in short film for best friend Stella McCartney's Winter 2014 campaign Says: 'We're all golden sunflowers inside' Zac's shoes?: Michelle Rodriguez steps out in construction boots that look like Efron's... just days after he was spotted leaving her house Figure-hugging Roland Mouret dresses that won't break the bank! French designer creates capsule collection for Banana Republic Release is on August 7 Yolanda Foster's husband David reveals her ex Mohamed Hadid played cupid and set him up with the RHOBH star Crrent husband is music producer David Foster Leonardo DiCaprio makes a passionate plea to save endangered species as his inaugural Foundation gala raises $25million All for a good cause 'This could actually happen': Tara Reid warns about the real life threat of a Sharknado as she promotes the sequel Posed for a photo shoot What would Mr. Grey say? Dakota Johnson enjoys a passionate kiss with new beau Matthew Hitt while out in NYC Participating in a bit of PDA in the city 'A lawyer you can trust!' Breaking Bad spinoff Better Call Saul erects fake advertisement for law advice Spotted in New Mexico No wonder he can't keep his hands off her! Eddie Murphy's girlfriend Paige Butcher turns heads in skintight bandage dress at Hercules premiere Tamara Ecclestone looks slimmer than ever as she shows off her incredible post-baby bikini body on vacation with daughter Sophia and her husband  Tough day on set? Bradley Cooper gets intense with girlfriend Suki Waterhouse after she visits him while filming Adam Jones Got a little heated  Hard at twerk! UK popstar Cheryl Fernandez-Versini shows she can even twerk upside down in candid video clip Twerk it out Revealed: How golden girl Zoe Saldana almost quit Hollywood after 'disrespectful' treatment on Pirates of the Caribbean set Disrespected on set  Miami heat! French soccer star Bacary Sagna enjoys an amorous display with stunning wife Ludovine as temperatures soar on pre-season break Well hello, Mrs Huebl: Newlywed Olivia Palermo shows off her impressive legs in tropical print shorts for a trek through New York City Natasha Oakley flaunts incredible figure in skimpy beachwear for photo shoot with French actor beau Martin Medus... then covers up for romantic stroll Cameron Diaz shows her athletic physique in a black monokini as she cosies up to boyfriend Benji Madden in Sardinia Couple have been cruising around Europe Lionel Messi's girlfriend Antonella Roccuzzo exposes her toned tum as they kick back on a yacht during family holiday in Capri Argentinian soccer star Lessons in how to be a redhead: The once-bullied sisters who have turned their once-maligned hair color into a booming business Sex And The City star Cynthia Nixon is shocked to find her ancestor murdered her abusive husband with an axe Stunning revelation 'Pray For Peace': Nicole Kidman and Keith Urban press their palms in devotion alongside Sunday Rose and Faith Margaret supporting Reba McEntire's anthem Back on? Kit Harington tries to go incognito with ex-girlfriend and former Game Of Thrones co-star Rose Leslie while at LA airport Stars from HBO series William Shatner trashes Facebook's new celebrities app in searing blog post (and don't mention George Takei) He didn't hold back 'He's done begging and is moving on': Robin Thicke 'insists marriage to Paula Patton is over' and 'an attorney is working on a settlement' Finally taken the hint Meet the lucky guy living the high life with Selena Gomez and Cara Delevingne (after schmoozing with Lindsay Lohan and Jessica Szohr) Selena Gomez and new BFF Cara Delevingne light up Leonardo Dicaprio's Foundation gala in a slinky bronze dress and plunging monochrome suit 'You are GOLD!': Rita Ora turns heads as she matches shiny metallic dress with tinsel-inspired 'do to perform at Blue Balls Festival She's a golden girl Red carpet goddess! Irina Shayk ensures all eyes are on her in a sheer skirt and plunging neckline at the Hercules premiere for her film debut Veteran actor John Malkovich launches scathing attack on the Sydney Opera House, labeling its acoustics as 'hideous' Not a fan of the building  You're stealing one's thunder! The Queen struggles to watch the Commonwealth Games swimming from behind her lady-in-waiting's enormous hat  Why I prefer solo holidays, by Miranda Hart: Comedian says being able to do what she wants is main attraction of traveling alone Selena Gomez swaps her slinky goddess look for prom princess as she rocks two different dresses at the Leonardo Dicaprio Foundation Auction Short but sweet! LeAnn Rimes displays her legs in Daisy Dukes as it's revealed she and Eddie 'told his children about their affair' Appearance on Extra  Mamma mia! Kristin Cavallari looks amazing 11 weeks after giving birth as she reveals her slim frame in a cream knitted top and skirt Reality star in fine form  Chelsea Clinton celebrates her pregnancy with a gluten-free baby shower in upscale Westchester At Crabtree's Kittle House Working up a sweat! Former Spice Girl Geri Halliwell displays her toned legs in tiny shorts and neon pink trainers as enjoys a summer jog She loves to keep fit  Bikini-clad Kim Kardashian reveals baby North has taken 'her first steps' after completing a week of swimming lessons in Mexico Girls' night! Best friends Victoria Beckham and Tana Ramsay head out for a catch-up over dinner in Santa Monica She left David at home 'She's beautiful!' Glee star Mark Salling confirms relationship with Nickelodeon's Denyse Tontz and says he's 'looking forward to making magic' 'My bald head scared people!' Karen Gillan opens up on her dramatic Guardians Of The Galaxy look... but insists she has no regrets Busting the bank! Leah Remini offers to pay for sister's breast enlargement surgery for her birthday in It's All Relative trailer Generous moment Home sweet Holmes! Katie looks overjoyed to be back in New York as she arrives at JFK with Suri after filming in Los Angeles Flashed a warm smile  New lifestyle guru on the block Blake Lively dazzles in Gucci ad as she moves one step closer to stealing Gwyneth Paltrow's crown The Sweet Escape: Gwen Stefani, Gavin Rossdale and their three boys jet out of London after fleeting trip Thought to be heading home to Los Angeles No sibling style rivalry here! Kendall and Kylie Jenner coordinate in rocker chic ensembles as they jet to Dallas As they arrived at Los Angeles International Green, lean and lacy! Toni Garrn steals the show from famous beau Leonardo DiCaprio in a dazzling emerald gown as she arrives at his charity gala Ship ship hooray! Selena Gomez completes her 22nd birthday celebrations as she parties into the early hours with Cara Delevingne Night out in white satin! Salma Hayek cuts a stylish figure in silky white shirt and loose grey trousers for family dinner Joined by her family 'I only met her a couple of weeks ago!' Glee star Naya Rivera's new father-in-law on her surprise wedding to actor Ryan Dorsey She shocked fans too     'More in love today than ever!' The Duggar family shares intimate wedding day snaps for Jim Bob and Michelle's 30th anniversary Shared photo collage  Ivanka Trump ditches her perfect manicure to get her hands dirty with dad at ceremonial groundbreaking of a new luxury Washington D.C. hotel Planning a white wedding? Bride-to-be Lauren Conrad shows off her much lighter locks in new Instagram snap Shocked her fans A dazzling Dynasty: Cara Delevingne catches up with godmother Joan Collins at the Leonardo DiCaprio Foundation gala The ultimate mentor Snoop Dogg smoked weed in the White House: Rapper admits he lit up while in the bathroom Said he 'pretended it was a napkin' What a difference a day makes! Kim Cattrall ditches her scruffy ensemble for glam blue dress and leather jacket for TCA panel She arrived at LAX  German World Cup victor Mario Goetze enjoys a relaxing mud bath with model girlfriend Ann-Kathrin Brommel during pre-season break Into the blue! Eva Longoria's trim figure is hard to miss as she teams vibrant skinnies with metallic wedges and white blouse She's a style icon London calling! Lindsay Lohan looks ready for a night on the tiles as she heads out in an eye-catching little black dress Partying in the UK It's the Common-SELF Games! Now even the Queen is getting in on the act as she photobombs Australian hockey team's selfies (and #sheevensmiled) Racy-ing to the altar! Ashley Tisdale rocks a daring backless cut-out top and tiny denim hotpants as she prepares for her upcoming nuptials Michelle Dockery highlights her slender frame in a navy bodycon dress at Downton Abbey photocall with co-stars Laura Carmichael and Joanne Froggatt Is There Something I Should Know? Duran Duran sue Chicago-based fan club for $40,000, claiming they were not paid proceeds Elizabeth Berkley shows off her toned legs in tiny denim shorts and flip flops as she steps out for lunch with adorable son Sky Low-key day out First look at a gaunt Jake Gyllenhaal in the trailer for Nightcrawler... the movie that he lost 20lbs for Plays a desperate TV crime reporter She's a (crop) top model! Jourdan Dunn puts her lithe figure on display in form-fitting two piece as she leads celebrity arrivals at fashion launch Today's headlines Most Read Israeli undercover police in running street battles with Palestinian 'Day of Rage' protesters during Friday... Billionaire hedge-funder husband 'blindsides' his wife of 11 years by filing for divorce while she is on... Underpants bomber failed in mission to blow up airliner 'because he wore same pair of underwear for two... 'I trusted God from the first instant. I knew that he would not abandon me': First words of Meriam Ibrahim... Obama hauls Central American leaders to White House to order them to stop immigration flood – but they blame... Obama set to give child immigrants refugee status BEFORE they arrive in the US: White House floats pilot... America's favorite burger comes from a chain that you have probably never heard of Michigan man dies after he is attacked by two dogs during after-work jog 'Learn to park s***bag!' Neighborhood vigilante spray paints rude messages on cars on crowded New York... Harry Potter and the customs officer: Daniel Radcliffe is turned away from US border over visa issues Mom who took kids to controversial church that used naked light therapy ritual to 'cure' drug addictions and... Raging husband arrested after hanging family dog then setting fire to his house full of cats after row with... 10-month-old girl dead after foster parents left her inside car for more than TWO HOURS in 95-degree heat Heads down toilets, faces in the snow and blacked out in the library: Dangerous trend as hundreds of high... White House senior adviser Dan Pfeiffer says he 'would not discount the possibility' that House Republicans... Author of explosive new book claims 'Bill Clinton's mistresses and Hillary Clinton's pot use in college was... 'Bucket full of heads any1 in aus want some organs please dont be shy to ask': Smirking Australian terrorist... Jihadists 'order four million girls and women in Iraqi city to undergo female genital mutilation' Mom shocked after son leaves his ice cream sandwich in the heat for 12 hours and it does not melt Wikipedia bans computers in Congress from editing pages after changes saw Donald Rumsfeld described as a... The end of the elephant, rhino and polar bear? Experts say sixth mass extinction on Earth has ALREADY... 'It's like the Hunger Games': Australian tourist's fascinating dispatches from North Korea, where citizens... 'You've no idea what you're talking about': Fifi Geldof launches expletive-laden attack on critic who called... Why did police say Peaches' death was 'unexplained'? Force say 'duty of care' to Geldof family was behind... 'What you doing? Oh no! Oh no!' Mother-of-four 'begged for her life as she was decapitated by female... Ohio State marching band chief is fired for allowing 'sexualized' rituals among members including performing... Michael Moore's lavish property empire is revealed in court documents as he and wife of 22 years divorce Want to repel mosquitoes? There's an APP for that: Phone software mimics the sounds of predators to repel... Oops! Homeowner reveals a little too much when he takes a photo of his bathroom for real estate listing MORE HEADLINES Hero doctor stops hospital shooting rampage: Psychiatrist uses his own gun to shoot patient who killed caseworker in front of him 'Bucket full of heads any1 in aus want some organs please dont be shy to ask': Smirking Australian terrorist poses with decapitated heads in sickening pictures posted online Two women found GUILTY of beating newly-wed to death outside a California nightclub after 'accidental photobomb' incident facing up to 11 years in prison Kazakh volleyball player Sabina Altynbekova so attractive nobody watches the sport anymore Pregnant woman in labor was prevented from getting to hospital across the street for 30 minutes by President Obama's motorcade on way to fundraiser Mali's president says wreckage of missing Air Algerie flight has been spotted in north of country as 116 passengers feared dead Indian rape suspects lie beaten on the ground, surrounded by angry mob after girl, seven, is found hanging from a tree in latest incident to shame country Casey Kasem's body could be kept in Montreal funeral home for months and his children may never know where he is to be buried, his family fears Was it a contract killing? Police reveal Harvard-educated law professor was murdered with point-blank shot to the head inside locked home as they release photo of suspicious Toyota Prius seen nearby Patient, 56, wakes up from routine circumcision to find his penis amputated Male model who took the women's fashion world by storm comes out as a transgender woman after sex reassignment surgery Mystery 'do-gooder' causes panic by leaving sinister dolls resembling REAL young girls outside homes in gated California community Billionaire hedge-funder husband 'blindsides' his wife of 11 years by filing for divorce while she is on vacation with their three children Michael Moore's lavish property empire is revealed in court documents as he and wife of 22 years divorce 'If you think that women are safe on cruise ships, think again': Passengers recount horror stories of rape to Senate 'Mascara from Amsterdam, or if to be precise from the field': Outrage as female 'separatist' posts Instagram selfie wearing 'looted mascara - and boasting about it' 'We did it!' Mom who lost three kids and grandparents in Christmas fire finds love and marries 'It's like the Hunger Games': Australian tourist's fascinating dispatches from North Korea, where citizens are force-fed propaganda and brainwashed into worshipping their Supreme Leader 'What you doing? Oh no! Oh no!' Mother-of-four 'begged for her life as she was decapitated by female neighbour who scattered body parts across two counties' Royal playtime: Enchanting and intimate home-movie pictures show the Windsors really DO know how to have fun How do you solve a problem like Maria? Putin's daughter (whoever she is) said to have fled from Holland with her boyfriend after Dutch fury at Russia's response to MH17 disaster  The wedding crashers: Invitation that went out to the wrong guests becomes internet hit after stranger responds to text with 'We still coming' Royal garden party: Princess Mary and Prince Frederik dazzle in the sunshine as the Danish royal family retires to the stunning surrounds of their summer palace Haven't they suffered enough? Now MH17 victim's wife is forced to cancel his credit cards because they were being USED by thieving pro-Russian rebels Michael Schumacher's devastated wife puts their £12million private jet with his initials on the tail up for sale Jihadists 'order four million girls and women in Iraqi city to undergo female genital mutilation' America's favorite burger comes from a chain that you have probably never heard of 'You've no idea what you're talking about': Fifi Geldof launches expletive-laden attack on critic who called her sister Peaches 'selfish' online Father smirks as he is sentenced to 18 years for fatally beating two-year-old daughter in attack he hoped would make her a lesbian so she would avoid men MOST READ IN DETAIL CARPOOL COOKING Quick & easy recipe ideas for the entire family more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Mobile Apps RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network Evening Standard This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Villa Holidays Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us Advertise with us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-1350097/Oprah-Winfrey-reveals-family-secret-I-half-sister.html
  Home U.K. News Sports     U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists U.S. Showbiz Home U.K. Showbiz Headlines Arts A-Z Star Search Pictures Showbiz Boards Blogs Video TV Listings My Profile Logout Amazon Videos Feedback DailyMail " + now.format("dddd, MMM Do YYYY") + " show ad Palestinians' 'Day of Rage': Israeli undercover police in running street battles with protesters during Friday prayers in Jerusalem Billionaire hedge-funder husband 'blindsides' his wife of 11 years by filing for divorce while she is on vacation with their three children Underpants bomber failed in mission to blow up airliner 'because he wore same pair of underwear for two weeks' 'I trusted God from the first instant. I knew that he would not abandon me': First words of Meriam Ibrahim after dramatic escape from the gallows in Sudan for marrying a Christian Obama hauls Central American leaders to White House to order them to stop immigration flood – but they blame HIM for ‘ambiguous’ policies Obama set to give child immigrants 'refugee status' BEFORE they arrive in the US: White House floats pilot plan for Honduras in attempt to stop border crisis America's favorite burger comes from a chain that you have probably never heard of Horror as Michigan man is mauled to death by two dogs while out jogging after work 'Learn to park s***bag!' Neighborhood vigilante spray-paints rude messages on cars on crowded New York street Harry Potter and the customs officer: Daniel Radcliffe is turned away from US border over visa issues Mother who took kids to controversial church that used naked light therapy ritual to 'cure' drug addictions and yeast infections loses custody rights Raging husband arrested after hanging family dog then setting fire to his house full of cats after row with wife Ten-month-old girl dies after foster dads left her in car for more than TWO HOURS in 95F heat Heads down toilets, faces in the snow and blacked out in the library: Dangerous trend as hundreds of high school and college students post binge-drinking photos to 'pass-out pages' White House senior adviser Dan Pfeiffer says he 'would not discount the possibility' that House Republicans will try to impeach Obama 'Hillary Clinton's college pot use was an open secret', claims author of explosive new book 'Bucket full of heads': Smirking Australian ISIS terrorist poses with decapitated heads in sickening pictures posted online Jihadists 'order four million girls and women in Iraqi city to undergo female genital mutilation' Mom is left shocked after her son leaves his ice cream sandwich in the heat for 12 hours and it does NOT melt Wikipedia bans computers in Congress from editing pages after changes saw Donald Rumsfeld described as a 'Lizard King' The end of the elephant, rhino and polar bear? Experts say sixth mass extinction on Earth has ALREADY begun 'It's like the Hunger Games': Tourist's uncensored dispatches from North Korea, where citizens are force-fed propaganda and brainwashed into worshiping their Supreme Leader 'You've no idea what you're talking about': Fifi Geldof launches expletive-laden attack on critic who called her sister Peaches 'selfish' online Why did police say Peaches' death was 'unexplained'? Force say 'duty of care' to Geldof family was behind decision to withhold details about her death Previous Next 'I have a half-sister': Oprah Winfrey reveals her big family secret By Daily Mail Reporter Updated: 18:49 EST, 24 January 2011 36 View comments Revelation shook chat show host 'to the core' Secret half-sister given up for adoption when Oprah was nine Siblings met for the first time on Thanksgiving Day last year Oprah Winfrey has revealed that she has a half-sister whose existence was kept secret from her for 47 years. The U.S. talk show host said she was ‘shocked to the core’ last November to learn that her mother Vernita Lee had another daughter, Patricia, who she had given up for adoption shortly after her birth in 1963. Winfrey, 56, has now met up with her half-sister, whose surname has not been released, and the two have been reunited with their mother for the first time as adults. Adopted at birth: Since Patricia's dramatic debut on Oprah's show back in 2010, the sisters have bonded and Winfrey even brough her to the Academy Awards in 2011 Miss Lee put the child up for adoption because she wanted to get off welfare and knew that if she had another child it might not be possible. Winfrey said that at the time she was eight and living with her father, and did not even know her mother was pregnant. She revealed the news on her talk show on her U.S. TV network, OWN. Winfrey told how Patricia had been trying to identify her mother for years until she saw Miss Lee in a TV interview mention details that coincided with what she knew of her birth family, and the penny dropped. Patricia got in touch with her half-sister at her production company in Chicago, which led to Winfrey confronting her mother who confessed all. DNA tests also confirmed that Patricia was an 85 per cent match to Winfrey’s niece, the daughter of the first Winfrey sister, also named Patricia, who died in 2003. Single mother: Patricia worked two jobs to support her family Family tree: Oprah's mother Vernita had three other child, Pat and Jeffrey, both deceased, and Patricia, who was given up for adoption weeks after her birth The revelation is the latest in the saga of Winfrey’s complicated and fraught life story, which has included childhood abuse, teenage pregnancy and rumours of lesbianism. After more than two decades on TV, Winfrey is now one of the most successful women in the world with a fortune estimated at $2.7billion (£1.69billion). Oprah Winfrey has revealed her 'family secret' with her chat show audience today - she has a half-sister. The chat show queen revealed her family secret as she introduced her half sister Patricia, now 47, on her show in an family reunion. The woman, who is from Milwaukee, is nine years younger than her multi-millionaire half sister. The pair met for the first time last November. 'Yes, it is true,' Winfrey told the audience. 'It is true that my mother is also Patricia's birth mother. That means Patricia is my half sister who I never knew existed.' Winfrey's mother Vernita Lee, gave Patricia up for adoption shortly after her birth in 1963 because she couldn't afford to raise her. She told Oprah she had been searching for years for the identity of the mother and until the age of seven she lived in foster homes. Winfrey, her half sister and mother were all reunited on the show which was broadcast on her OWN network today. OPRAH'S FAMILY HISTORY Oprah was born to unmarried teenagers, Vernita Lee, a housemaid, Vernon Winfrey, who was in the Armed Forces. During her childhood was raised at various times by her grandmother Hattie Mae Lee in Mississippi, her mother in Milwaukee, and her father in Nashville. She was raped and abused by family friends, who have not been publicly  identified, while in Milwaukee. She moved to Nashville permanently in 1968 to live with her father while she was secretly pregnant at 14. She gave birth to a son, who died when he was just a week old. Oprah had two half-siblings on her mother's side - Jeffrey, who died in 1989, and Patricia, who passed away in 2003. She met her secret half-sister - who, by coincidence, is also named Patricia - in November last year. Prior to revealing her big secret Oprah showed video of her and her partner, Steadman Graham, driving to Milwaukee to meet Patricia for the first time on Thanksgiving Day last year. Patricia, who did not reveal her last name, said she started thinking that Oprah might be her sister when she saw an interview with Vernita Lee on television. The information Lee gave coincided with what she already knew about her birth family. 'Her mother said that two of children had passed away, and I knew from my records that I had two siblings who passed away,' said Patricia. 'She said one was named Patricia and one was Jeffrey 'The hairs on the back of my neck stood up, because I knew that one of my siblings and I shared the same name.' 'I said no, that can't be,' Patricia said. She said she tried to track down Lee, but was unsuccessful. But she did manage to contact Oprah's niece and DNA tests confirmed that they were related. DNA tests proved that Patricia was an 85 percent match to Winfrey's niece, who is the daughter of the first Winfrey sister named Patricia, who died in 2003. Patricia contacted Winfrey at her production company in Chicago to say she suspected they were half sisters. This later led to Oprah confronting her mother, who confirmed that Patricia was her half sister. Patricia, whose last name was not revealed on the show, is a single mother of two. Winfrey said on her show she was nine-years-old and living with her father when her mother had the daughter and gave her up for adoption. Oprah's parents: The chat show host with her father Vernon and mother Vernita in 1994 She said she never even knew her mother was pregnant. Winfrey said on first meeting her half sister she was struck by her resemblance to her sister, also called Patricia. 'You look just like Pat,' Winfrey screamed, upon meeting her half-sister for the first time. 'We spent the rest of the afternoon getting to know each other,' Winfrey said. Pat died in 2003, her death thought to be related to her years of drug use. Winfrey said that her new sister, who shared Pat's name, reminded her of what her other sister might have been. Winfrey had promised a bombshell revelation that had shaken her 'to the core'. She said: 'Imagine my shock just a few months ago, at the end of October, when I found out I have another sister living just 90 minutes away. 'For the most part, my life has been an open book and on the show I think I've seen about everything. 'And I thought nothing could surprise me anymore, but let me tell you I was wrong.' 'It was one of the greatest surprises of my life,' said Winfrey. 'It left me speechless.' Winfrey said she felt impressed that her sister had hidden for three years the fact that she was related to Oprah, for fear of hurting the star's reputation. She told Patricia: 'I had to meet you because I wanted to meet somebody who had that kind of character. So thank you. Thank you.' Over the years she has shared many of her deepest personal secrets with her fans. These included details of her abusive childhood to drug abuse. She also admitted that she had given birth as a teenager to a son who died soon after birth. Piers Morgan interviewed Winfrey for his first show last week but she failed to mention the half sister. DID PIERS MORGAN MISS THE SCOOP OF THE CENTURY? CNN's new recruit Piers Morgan was quick to gloat about his 'compelling' interview with Oprah Winfrey which aired on his first show last week. But Larry King's replacement isn't feeling quite so pleased with himself today. The former newspaper editor missed landing the scoop of the century after Oprah failed to mention she had a secret half-sister named Patricia. The chat show host - and savvy businesswoman - saved the shock revelation for today's episode of her own TV programme, The Oprah Winfery Show. Morgan tweeted today: 'Damn and blast, you're all absolutely right, I should have asked @Oprah: 'Got any secret half-sisters called Pat we don't know about?' He added: 'Fail.' And his Twitter profile quote today seems more appropriate than ever. It reads: 'One day you're the cock of the walk, the next a feather duster.' Earlier this month Piers described Oprah as 'a great get'. He said at the time: 'Everyone has interviewed Oprah over the years. Is my interview as good as the ones that have been done before? She thought so. I guarantee you’ll enjoy this one.'   Share or comment on this article MOST WATCHED NEWS VIDEOS Previous 1 2 3 Next Pretty teen Sabina Altynbekova playing volleyball for... Man films 'racist' shop workers following him around store US Marines confront 'fake sergeant major' at funeral Sex on the beach. Moment couple are caught in the act Woman smashes windows of SUV as its being reposessed Outstanding three-year-old drummer leads entire orchestra Woman attempts to get clamped car back by stripping North Korean capital's strange wake up call to residents Australian Mark Fahey films inside a textile factory in... Keep your paws off! Dog protects case of beer Video of alleged shoplifter at Wal-Mart goes viral Workers are seen making shoes in a factory in North Korea Hero doctor stops hospital shooting rampage: Psychiatrist... 'Bucket full of heads any1 in aus want some organs please... Two women found GUILTY of beating newly-wed to death outside... Kazakh volleyball player Sabina Altynbekova so attractive... Pregnant woman in labor was prevented from getting to... Mali's president says wreckage of missing Air Algerie flight... Indian rape suspects lie beaten on the ground, surrounded by... Casey Kasem's body could be kept in Montreal funeral home... Was it a contract killing? Police reveal Harvard-educated... Patient, 56, wakes up from routine circumcision to find his... Male model who took the women's fashion world by storm comes... Mystery 'do-gooder' causes panic by leaving sinister dolls... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● Comments (36) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have been moderated in advance. The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton shows off her famous bikini body in a lilac two-piece as she enjoys relaxing break with pals Famous for her figure 'There's no sex during Ramadan!' Khloe Kardashian reveals she and French Montana are abstaining due to his religious beliefs  Too much information... Looking ace! Martina Navratilova soaks up the sun on the beach with partner Julia Lemigova in St Tropez She's a 59-times Grand Slam champion 'It's affecting her milk production': Kendra Wilkinson's marriage heartbreak is taking a toll on her breastfeeding body Marriage is on the rocks Going well then: A bikini clad Cameron Diaz gets up close and personal with Benji Madden as they holiday on a boat in Cannes A romantic getaway  Nicholas Hoult 'cosies up to' Riley Keough at a party... sparking rumors of another split with Jennifer Lawrence Romancing Lisa Marie Presley's daughter? It's a cougar on a lion! Jennifer Lopez celebrates 45th birthday with bizarre cake at $100K bash The singer fed her 100 guests with a huge cake Getting some practice in! Chelsea Clinton shows off her growing baby bump as she plays with New York kids at 'Princess and Pirates' event 'You quit your job because you don't want to play a gay part?' True Blood actor Nelsan Ellis fuels speculation over Luke Grimes' shock exit Fueled the rumors Jennie Garth hits out at 90210 pal Ian Ziering for hurting Tori Spelling with his 'trainwreck' insult about her show They were all co-stars on the hit '90s TV show Dwyane Wade and Gabrielle Union share backstage selfie at Beyonce and Jay-Z gig (after banning wedding guests from using cameras) 'Pregnant' Zoe Saldana shows a hint of her baby bump in low-cut cream dress as she promotes Guardians Of The Galaxy  Hasn't confirmed news Unseen video footage of Amy Winehouse performing in Canada emerges online... days after the anniversary of her death New unseen footage Charlize Theron meets beau Sean Penn in her native South Africa... as she flashes tell-tale ring amid engagement rumors Are they set to wed? EXCLUSIVE PICTURES Just married! Glee star Naya Rivera wears bridal white and new diamonds as she jets home with husband after surprise wedding Morgan Freeman's voice hits a hilariously high pitch as he sucks on helium-filled balloon with Jimmy Fallon The 77-year-old was lost his famous voice May the Force be with you! Evan Rachel Wood wears Star Wars R2-D2 rucksack strapped to her back on trip to Canada Fan of the franchise High maintenance, much? LeAnn Rimes cries after husband Eddie Cibrian AGREES to turn down Dallas role to keep her happy Star reduced to tears  Game of Thrones' Natalie Dormer shows off her shapely legs in shorts suit as she attends mtvU Fandom Awards with co-star Nikolaj Coster-Waldau PICTURED: Inside Robin Thicke and Paula Patton's $3m former marital home, complete with expansive views and a rustic kitchen Split after 20 years Doing the tourist thing! Jessica Biel checks out the sights of Montreal with her family in grey cap, leather jacket and cropped jeans Dressed down but chic Andreja Pejic (who took the women's fashion world by storm as Andrej) comes out as a transgender woman after sex reassignment surgery Hard at work! Maleficent actress Elle Fanning looks exhausted after grueling gym workout She was hitting the gym hard in Los Angeles 'Excited to be a mentor': Grammy winner Alicia Keys joins The Voice as an adviser for Pharrell Williams' team Her musical prowess has earned her status 'It's a wild idea': Nathan Fielder rebrands realtor to sell only ghost-free homes... and convinces man to give quotes while hooked to LIE DETECTOR SPONSORED 'Wear V-necks, look at the camera more, and smile': Nathan Fielder hires focus group to help make him likeable (but is still called NERD) SPONSORED  First look: Gillian Anderson unveiled as tragic heroine Blanche DuBois in West End production of A Streetcar Named Desire A far cry from The X Files Charisma Carpenter in the Buffy! Former Vampire Slayer actress, 44, shares her 'birthday suit' photo Shared with her 170,000 followers over Twitter Not so Hot Right Now: Rita Ora arrives in New York in eclectic patterned tracksuit and matching sweater The pop singer opted for head-to-toe patterns  Sneak peek at 50 Shades Of Grey... and it's hard to whip up any enthusiasm, writes JAN MOIR  The film trailer has just been released I'm such a cool cat! Kesha wears the same feline print in TWO different outfits on promo tour After speaking out about her stint in rehab Salma Hayek snubs her usual sleek hairstyle for wild curls on shopping trip with her mini-me daughter Valentina Curls gone wild 'Doctors want her to mend fences': Paris Jackson to 're-establish family ties' as she returns to LA... before cosying up to male friend 'I've never done the swirl': Gayle King and Kristin Chenoweth confess that neither of them have had an interracial sexual experience Just heavenly! Katie Holmes looks stunning in an angelic white lace dress that leaves her long legs on show  Stunned in sheer sleeves and ruffles 'You've no idea what you're talking about': Fifi Geldof launches expletive-laden attack on critic who called her sister Peaches 'selfish' online Why did police say Peaches' death was 'unexplained'? Force say fear of upsetting Geldof family was behind decision to withhold details about her death The heat is on! Sofia Vergara and new beau Joe Manganiello put on a very amorous display as they jet into Miami for first vacation together They're inseparable Amber Rose bares her toned midriff in a crop top with skin-tight jeans as she hits the nail salon The model made sure to flaunt what she's got in a T-shirt  Modern Family star Eric Stonestreet turned down photo request from Republican Rick Santorum because of his views on gay marriage  Who needs sweatpants! Kim Kardashian opts for a skintight black dress as she lands at LAX with North after Mexican getaway She's so Fancy! Iggy Azalea follows in footsteps of Cindy Crawford and Karlie Kloss as new host of MTV's House of Style Hired for a new gig Adding to the collection! Rumer Willis shows off her new tattoo while her spoof video reveals she has some other ink a very naughty location Harry Potter and the customs officer: Daniel Radcliffe turned away from immigration over visa issues Stopped by American border guards in Toronto Katy Perry brings down the house and takes selfies with fans from the stage as she brings Prismatic tour to NYC The 29-year-old pop singer rocked out Lovelorn teen asks Taylor Swift for advice... and she replies Swift wrote: 'Unrequited love is just as valid as any other kind. It's just as crushing and thrilling!'  Catching up with the Ramsays! David and Victoria Beckham leave their children at home as they enjoy double dinner date with Gordon and Tana in Malibu Out for a spin! Linda Kozlowski spotted on beach-side bike ride with shirtless male as her divorce from Paul Hogan is finalized Crocodile Dundee star 'Out here hampin': Scott Disick clutches a wine glass as he parties with French Montana... a month after being 'hospitalized' for excessive drinking Family drama! Kim Zolciak deals with her son's fractured fibula and new household help on latest episode of Don't Be Tardy Fights and tears  Thor blimey! Chris Hemsworth looks dapper in grey... while wife Elsa Pataky stuns in embellished sheer dress at Guardians Of The Galaxy UK premiere Hilary Duff sexes up her image in over-the-knee boots and shorts as she marks her official return to music She partied at Marquee in New York City Holiday romance? Selena Gomez holds on to a rose as she and Cara Delevingne land in LA after their whirlwind trip to France She has just turned 22 Make-up free Gisele Bundchen smoulders as she models knitwear for designer Sonia Rykiel in seductive black and white images Head-turning look  Rocking out: Tara Reid hits Linkin Park gig in sexy bandage dress after brief Comic-Con visit Sharknado star was in San Diego Hot mama! Megan Fox flashes her midriff in a sexy futuristic ensemble as she steals the show at a star-studded Comic-Con She's a mother of two Calm before the storm? Tori Spelling puts troubles with Dean McDermott on hold as they enjoy a family day out in Malibu It was a sizzling 86F Sandra Bullock 'ready to leave Los Angeles for good' after terrifying incident with armed stalker Ready to move back to Austin, Texas,  Michael Moore's lavish property empire is revealed in court documents as he and wife of 22 years divorce The filmmaker and wife Kathy called it quits  Dressed down Kristen Stewart jets out of LA ahead of filming for new sci-fi movie... as two rising starlets join the cast In an all-black outfit  Marilyn Monroe has got to go! Model bans herself and her family from buying memorabilia of icon after spending $5,000 funding obsession His heart has gone in a new Direction: Harry Styles is off the market as model Paige Reifler claims she is dating the star Has he settled down? They're kopykats! Kim Kardashian points out that 'style icon' Kanye West wore ski masks long before Beyoncé and Jay Z Posted on Instagram  Rosie Huntington-Whiteley wears spray-on blue metallic jeans to fashion launch party... after posting topless promo shot Model was in London Georgia May Jagger goes bare faced in boho ensemble as she makes a rare appearance with boyfriend Josh in New York City Daughter of Mick Jagger The gap is back! Lara Stone's famous pout is put to work for pal Stella McCartney's new fragrance campaign The Dutch model is the latest face of the scent Spellbinding! Jenna Dewan-Tatum stuns in a monochrome dress as she attends Comic-Con event for Witches Of East End Mrs Channing Tatum     Pregnant Snooki has a roaring good time at Great Gatsby themed bridal shower with Jersey Shore co-stars by her side She is due to marry 'I use sheet masks, eye patches, serums and oxygen facials': Stephanie Seymour, 46, reveals the complicated secrets behind her flawless skin Trying to get more readers, Blake? Lively offers rare glimpse of her Marchesa wedding gown on her new lifestyle site Shared a sneak peek     Does Miranda Kerr REALLY only take 15 minutes to get ready in the morning? Supermodel shares her 'simple' routine Has an alkalizing drink Off-duty beauty! Sports Illustrated model Gigi Hadid swaps her bikinis for striking printed trousers and T-shirt to attend fashion event Star looked radiant  'I was so nervous!' Behati Prinsloo reveals what it is really like backstage at a Victoria's Secret show Model has just married Adam Levine 'I'm so blessed to have my little family!' Teen Mom's Jenelle Evans shares first photos of her sweet baby boy Kaiser Born on June 29  Style in black and white! Irina Shayk leaves red carpet glamour behind but still makes a chic statement as she flies into New York Promoting her new film Anna Paquin vamps it up in a black hat and sunglasses as she celebrates 32nd birthday with shirtless husband Stephen Moyer and his daughter Lilac  This will get the fanboys' attention! Evangeline Lilly shows off her slender legs in orange floral romper at Comic-Con Wore a bright ensemble  A Hard(y) day's work! Tom steps out covered in blood as he shoots scenes for gritty Kray twins biopic Legend Don't worry ladies, it's all fake It's about to get hot in the kitchen! Uma Thurman joins cast of chef movie Adam Jones alongside Bradley Cooper Upcoming comedy  Jessie & Slater together again! Saved By The Bell stars Elizabeth Berkley and Mario Lopez reunite on Extra She wore a skintight black and green dress How's that for a side show? Lea Michele airs out her lacy white bra in a sexy black playsuit while out in NYC with her mom A family day out     Back in court: Bethenny Frankel and Jason Hoppy's bitter divorce proceedings continue as they wrangle over Skinnygirl millions OutKast's Andre 3000 gets colorful in a pink wig and bizarre black jumpsuit as he commands the stage with Big Boi at Splendour In The Grass Dressing like a diva! Hilary Duff steps out in thigh-skimming floral romper before her new single debut at New York nightclub Marquee Re-launching career  He really IS the Kung Fu Panda! Jack Black fights with costumed fans at Comic Con... but it's all just for show Voiced the character in  Kung Fu Panda films Color is overrated! Taylor Schilling and Lucy Liu shine bright in black and white outfits in New York City Forgoing her bright prison jumpsuits Holy ravioli! The original Batman and Robin reunite as Adam West is joined by Burt Ward at Comic-Con in San Diego They're living legends Katharine McPhee shows off her toned figure in floral crop top and matching skirt to plug new series Scorpion at Comic Con New television series  Let it rip! Jaimie Alexander parades her six-pack abs in a white tank top on set of new film Broken Vows with shirtless Wes Bentley Own packaged lunch  Godfather in training! Justin Theroux chats with a heavily pregnant friend while on his way to TV appearance The actor always has time for his friends I pity the fool... who doesn't recognize me! Former A-Team star Mr. T, 62, goes almost unnoticed as he steps out undercover in LA Made a rare appearance  Want to be a 'cool' 50-year-old man? Embrace baldness and wear a good watch - but DON'T wax your chest Experts have revealed the definitive guide  Kate Hudson is gym ready as she displays her pert derriere in tropical print micro shorts during day out with Matt Bellamy and son Bingham Getting her brother  ready for school: Model Shanina Shaik opens up about how growing up in a single-parent family and playing mom gave her strength Oar-some skills! Taylor Swift helps fan to dock boat while wearing HEELS during scenic outing in Central Park Singer wore a stylish summer outfit All hands on deck! Leonardo DiCaprio and his model girlfriend Toni Garrn bask in the sunshine on board a yacht in St Tropez All aboard the love boat Enchanting and intimate home-movie pictures show the British Royal family really DO know how to have fun A charming royal record  Rocking horse to a silver breakfast set: Just some of Prince George's gifts now on display at Buckingham Palace in showcase of royal treasures Day walkers! Vampire Diaries' Claire Holt basks in the sunshine as she enjoys Hollywood lunch date with her handsome beau  Had time off filming His indispensables! Sylvester Stallone, 68, leads his wife and three daughters through LAX whilst wearing sporty attire All-black tracksuit  Hilaria Baldwin spends the day shopping with Carmen... as husband Alec tells judge he won't apologize for disorderly conduct arrest It's been a busy day  Guaranteed drama: Soap actress Eileen Davidson 'is joining The Real Housewives Of Beverly Hills... and being paid $750,000' New girl on the scene Jessa Duggar's strict Christian boyfriend is forced to delete anti-Catholic Facebook rant slamming religion's 'deadly errors' Took down his post Not his Best look: Calum trades his clean-cut style for a hipster vibe as he steps out with huge bushy beard Best shave that off What a way to start the day: David Beckham takes teenage son Brooklyn, 15, to a morning spin class in Los Angeles A serious workout Is there anything she can't do? Robin Wright shows off her impressive dance moves during hilarious skit on Jimmy Fallon Swung her hips on stage They're rockstars! Australian boy band Five Seconds Of Summer soak in the fanfare as they're met by hoards of supporters after hectic day in Hollywood Prince William's bad boy friend Guy Pelly banned from roads for third time after he's found guilty of drink-driving in his $150,000 Audi Soccer hero Tim Howard's new WAG Nora Segura shows off her bikini body while frolicking in the ocean in Malibu Just as athletic as him Is this the answer to perfect fitting plus size jeans? Website to create bespoke denim using exact body measurements Perfect fit for all Bachelor alums engaged! Andi Dorfman's castoff Marcus Grodd 'proposed to Juan Pablo Galavis' ex Lacy Faddoul during new spinoff show' How did she lose the weight so fast? Kristin Cavallari shows off slender figure AGAIN, this time in a mini romper... just 11 weeks after having son Ali Larter styles up her black jumpsuit with pretty pink blazer while promoting new series Legends at Comic Con Tossed in some pink and made outfit sizzle Karolina Kurkova shows her cheeky side while living it up at St. Tropez hot spot Showed off her enviably long and slender legs in micro-shorts 'I've let color into my life again': Kesha says she is looking on the bright side after dark days in rehab for eating disorder A new chapter in her life A life of troubled water: That bitter split with Paul Simon, the suicide of his girlfriend and 10 years living as a virtual recluse. Art Garfunkel on how he survived Blue hair, don't care! Kesha rocks a sheer lacy blouse that exposes her bra and newly colored tresses on The Tonight Show She turned heads  She's hungry for more! Bikini-clad Paris Hilton returns for another wet and wild Carl's Jr advert with swimsuit model Hannah Ferguson Nine years since original Casey Kasem's body could be kept in Montreal funeral home for months and his children may never know where he is to be buried, his family fears Progresso 40 Delicious Flavors 100 calories or less. more     DON'T MISS Ben Affleck is a brooding superhero in batsuit in new image from Batman V  Superman: Dawn Of Justice  His upcoming role Nice man-icure: Bethenny Frankel's ex Jason Hoppy shows off pink nails on solo stroll That's a new look for for the former husband of Skinnygirl star Cameron Diaz shows off her athletic figure in a mismatched bikini... as Benji Madden keeps covered up at Sardinia beauty spot Romance in Italy Great Scot! Karen Gillan shows off her legs in a striking minidress as she attends the UK premiere of Guardians Of The Galaxy Looked stunning Peek-a-boob! Lily Allen flashes her cleavage and jokes: 'Looking like the next level traffic warden' as she lights up stage in garish yellow catsuit in Australia Kris Jenner keeps herself occupied with trip to Disneyland while her favorite daughter Kim Kardashian lives it up in Mexico Happiest place on Earth Just the two of us! A hippy chic Miranda Kerr gets smothered in kisses by three-year-old son Flynn - who's a spitting image of his dad Orlando Bloom A Jet and an Angel! NFL star Eric Decker snuggles up to supermodel Erin Heatherton as he makes his modelling debut for Buffalo jeans A Herculean giggle: Bulging biceps, bloody battles - and tongue placed firmly in cheek. Hercules is a silly but terrific blockbuster Writes BRIAN VINER  'Getting my cowgirl on!' Gwyneth Paltrow rides a horse as she heads to the mountains of Montana for Goop Ventured outside of her comfort zone Is Luke Skywalker morphing into Obi-Wan Kenobi? Mark Hamill reveals beard he was 'contractually obligated' to grow for new Star Wars film Gimme less? Britney Spears investigates using laser treatment as a quick fix to slim down She has been performing almost around the clock of late  Momma's boy! Alessandra Ambrosio shares kisses with son Noah after landing at LAX with her family The Victoria's Secret Angel was on mom duty Hunger Games Comic-Con poster hints at rebellion to come in upcoming Mockingjay film as fans await release of the trailer The third installment  Wacky with granny! Miley Cyrus dons DIY colorful braids at Hercules film premiere after-party with director's grandmother A wholesome evening Miami heat! Bacary Sagna enjoys an amorous display with stunning wife Ludovine as temperatures soar on their pre-season break Out of this world! Zoe Saldana leads the glamour in striking chiffon gown as she attends the Guardians Of The Galaxy UK premiere She's just like Gisele! Heidi Klum pulls a Bundchen by posing with her glam squad... only this model (wisely) didn't complain Both top models Daddy's little girl! Doting father Peter Andre heads out with fiancée Emily MacDonagh and six-month-old baby Amelia 'My SoulCycle instructor always calls me out for being off beat!' Supermodel Karlie Kloss on spinning, diet and how she gets those rock-hard abs What a way to start the day: David Beckham takes teenage son Brooklyn, 15, to a morning spin class in Los Angeles Father-son bonding Living in two worlds? Hilaria Baldwin asks for peace as she poses in a bikini... while husband Alec is told to apologize for disorderly conduct arrest 'I'd rather pay a fine than apologize': Alec Baldwin told to 'be a good boy and stay out of trouble' by judge as his wrong-way bike case is adjourned 'The most beautiful lil bear': Jennifer Lopez's ex Casper Smart sends her sweet 45th birthday message with photo of cake he gave her 2 years ago Just the ticket! British model Kelly Brook gets a nasty surprise as she returns to her car following day out in LA with fiancé David McIntosh Doting mother Jenna Dewan-Tatum builds sandcastles with little Everly as they wear matching floral at beach in Vancouver Dad is Channing Tatum Molly Sims and Sarah Michelle Gellar dress in bohemian styles on beach playdate with their children Brought their little ones to a party  Shia LaBeouf appears in New York court to charges for 'yelling abuse and slapping actors' behinds during Broadway show' Star at Criminal Court Princess Mary and Prince Frederik dazzle in the sunshine as the Danish royal family retires to the stunning surrounds of their summer palace Dakota Johnson goes topless as she enjoys steamy kiss with Jamie Dornan in full trailer for highly anticipated 50 Shades Of Grey film Watch the trailer here 'It was not romantic': Dakota Johnson and Jamie Dornan talk about their AWKWARD Fifty Shades Of Grey sex scenes in new interview Trailer is released Bruce Springsteen, 64, recreates his own James Bond moment as he flashes his impressive physique while emerging from the sea in Spain First pictures: Kelsey Grammer celebrates the arrival of his sixth child after wife Kayte gives birth to baby boy The couple already has one daughter together 'I would pick the outfits - I got Chanel to send stuff': Mischa Barton claims designer clothing on The O.C. was all thanks to her high fashion connections Jessica Szohr shares cryptic Instagram message after former flame Tommy Chiabra gets close to Selena Gomez in St Tropez Insinuating heartbreak? Mary Poppins is a bitter underpaid worker in hilarious new parody starring Kristen Bell as the magical nanny The 34-year-old actress quits her job in the skit  BIG BANG SPOILER ALERT! Penny to chase the dollar! Leonard's girl next door will give up acting for steady 9-5 job in upcoming season  Played by Kaley Cuoco 'She's thrilled!' Zoe Saldana 'pregnant with twins' amid reports she plans to have a 'big family' with husband Marco Perego It's her first pregnancy First look: Kate Moss dazzles as she stars in short film for best friend Stella McCartney's Winter 2014 campaign Says: 'We're all golden sunflowers inside' Zac's shoes?: Michelle Rodriguez steps out in construction boots that look like Efron's... just days after he was spotted leaving her house Figure-hugging Roland Mouret dresses that won't break the bank! French designer creates capsule collection for Banana Republic Release is on August 7 Yolanda Foster's husband David reveals her ex Mohamed Hadid played cupid and set him up with the RHOBH star Crrent husband is music producer David Foster Leonardo DiCaprio makes a passionate plea to save endangered species as his inaugural Foundation gala raises $25million All for a good cause 'This could actually happen': Tara Reid warns about the real life threat of a Sharknado as she promotes the sequel Posed for a photo shoot What would Mr. Grey say? Dakota Johnson enjoys a passionate kiss with new beau Matthew Hitt while out in NYC Participating in a bit of PDA in the city 'A lawyer you can trust!' Breaking Bad spinoff Better Call Saul erects fake advertisement for law advice Spotted in New Mexico No wonder he can't keep his hands off her! Eddie Murphy's girlfriend Paige Butcher turns heads in skintight bandage dress at Hercules premiere Tamara Ecclestone looks slimmer than ever as she shows off her incredible post-baby bikini body on vacation with daughter Sophia and her husband  Tough day on set? Bradley Cooper gets intense with girlfriend Suki Waterhouse after she visits him while filming Adam Jones Got a little heated  Hard at twerk! UK popstar Cheryl Fernandez-Versini shows she can even twerk upside down in candid video clip Twerk it out Revealed: How golden girl Zoe Saldana almost quit Hollywood after 'disrespectful' treatment on Pirates of the Caribbean set Disrespected on set  Miami heat! French soccer star Bacary Sagna enjoys an amorous display with stunning wife Ludovine as temperatures soar on pre-season break Well hello, Mrs Huebl: Newlywed Olivia Palermo shows off her impressive legs in tropical print shorts for a trek through New York City Natasha Oakley flaunts incredible figure in skimpy beachwear for photo shoot with French actor beau Martin Medus... then covers up for romantic stroll Cameron Diaz shows her athletic physique in a black monokini as she cosies up to boyfriend Benji Madden in Sardinia Couple have been cruising around Europe Lionel Messi's girlfriend Antonella Roccuzzo exposes her toned tum as they kick back on a yacht during family holiday in Capri Argentinian soccer star Lessons in how to be a redhead: The once-bullied sisters who have turned their once-maligned hair color into a booming business Sex And The City star Cynthia Nixon is shocked to find her ancestor murdered her abusive husband with an axe Stunning revelation 'Pray For Peace': Nicole Kidman and Keith Urban press their palms in devotion alongside Sunday Rose and Faith Margaret supporting Reba McEntire's anthem Back on? Kit Harington tries to go incognito with ex-girlfriend and former Game Of Thrones co-star Rose Leslie while at LA airport Stars from HBO series William Shatner trashes Facebook's new celebrities app in searing blog post (and don't mention George Takei) He didn't hold back 'He's done begging and is moving on': Robin Thicke 'insists marriage to Paula Patton is over' and 'an attorney is working on a settlement' Finally taken the hint Meet the lucky guy living the high life with Selena Gomez and Cara Delevingne (after schmoozing with Lindsay Lohan and Jessica Szohr) Selena Gomez and new BFF Cara Delevingne light up Leonardo Dicaprio's Foundation gala in a slinky bronze dress and plunging monochrome suit 'You are GOLD!': Rita Ora turns heads as she matches shiny metallic dress with tinsel-inspired 'do to perform at Blue Balls Festival She's a golden girl Red carpet goddess! Irina Shayk ensures all eyes are on her in a sheer skirt and plunging neckline at the Hercules premiere for her film debut Veteran actor John Malkovich launches scathing attack on the Sydney Opera House, labeling its acoustics as 'hideous' Not a fan of the building  You're stealing one's thunder! The Queen struggles to watch the Commonwealth Games swimming from behind her lady-in-waiting's enormous hat  Why I prefer solo holidays, by Miranda Hart: Comedian says being able to do what she wants is main attraction of traveling alone Selena Gomez swaps her slinky goddess look for prom princess as she rocks two different dresses at the Leonardo Dicaprio Foundation Auction Short but sweet! LeAnn Rimes displays her legs in Daisy Dukes as it's revealed she and Eddie 'told his children about their affair' Appearance on Extra  Mamma mia! Kristin Cavallari looks amazing 11 weeks after giving birth as she reveals her slim frame in a cream knitted top and skirt Reality star in fine form  Chelsea Clinton celebrates her pregnancy with a gluten-free baby shower in upscale Westchester At Crabtree's Kittle House Working up a sweat! Former Spice Girl Geri Halliwell displays her toned legs in tiny shorts and neon pink trainers as enjoys a summer jog She loves to keep fit  Bikini-clad Kim Kardashian reveals baby North has taken 'her first steps' after completing a week of swimming lessons in Mexico Girls' night! Best friends Victoria Beckham and Tana Ramsay head out for a catch-up over dinner in Santa Monica She left David at home 'She's beautiful!' Glee star Mark Salling confirms relationship with Nickelodeon's Denyse Tontz and says he's 'looking forward to making magic' 'My bald head scared people!' Karen Gillan opens up on her dramatic Guardians Of The Galaxy look... but insists she has no regrets Busting the bank! Leah Remini offers to pay for sister's breast enlargement surgery for her birthday in It's All Relative trailer Generous moment Home sweet Holmes! Katie looks overjoyed to be back in New York as she arrives at JFK with Suri after filming in Los Angeles Flashed a warm smile  New lifestyle guru on the block Blake Lively dazzles in Gucci ad as she moves one step closer to stealing Gwyneth Paltrow's crown The Sweet Escape: Gwen Stefani, Gavin Rossdale and their three boys jet out of London after fleeting trip Thought to be heading home to Los Angeles No sibling style rivalry here! Kendall and Kylie Jenner coordinate in rocker chic ensembles as they jet to Dallas As they arrived at Los Angeles International Green, lean and lacy! Toni Garrn steals the show from famous beau Leonardo DiCaprio in a dazzling emerald gown as she arrives at his charity gala Ship ship hooray! Selena Gomez completes her 22nd birthday celebrations as she parties into the early hours with Cara Delevingne Night out in white satin! Salma Hayek cuts a stylish figure in silky white shirt and loose grey trousers for family dinner Joined by her family 'I only met her a couple of weeks ago!' Glee star Naya Rivera's new father-in-law on her surprise wedding to actor Ryan Dorsey She shocked fans too     'More in love today than ever!' The Duggar family shares intimate wedding day snaps for Jim Bob and Michelle's 30th anniversary Shared photo collage  Ivanka Trump ditches her perfect manicure to get her hands dirty with dad at ceremonial groundbreaking of a new luxury Washington D.C. hotel Planning a white wedding? Bride-to-be Lauren Conrad shows off her much lighter locks in new Instagram snap Shocked her fans A dazzling Dynasty: Cara Delevingne catches up with godmother Joan Collins at the Leonardo DiCaprio Foundation gala The ultimate mentor Snoop Dogg smoked weed in the White House: Rapper admits he lit up while in the bathroom Said he 'pretended it was a napkin' What a difference a day makes! Kim Cattrall ditches her scruffy ensemble for glam blue dress and leather jacket for TCA panel She arrived at LAX  German World Cup victor Mario Goetze enjoys a relaxing mud bath with model girlfriend Ann-Kathrin Brommel during pre-season break Into the blue! Eva Longoria's trim figure is hard to miss as she teams vibrant skinnies with metallic wedges and white blouse She's a style icon London calling! Lindsay Lohan looks ready for a night on the tiles as she heads out in an eye-catching little black dress Partying in the UK It's the Common-SELF Games! Now even the Queen is getting in on the act as she photobombs Australian hockey team's selfies (and #sheevensmiled) Racy-ing to the altar! Ashley Tisdale rocks a daring backless cut-out top and tiny denim hotpants as she prepares for her upcoming nuptials Michelle Dockery highlights her slender frame in a navy bodycon dress at Downton Abbey photocall with co-stars Laura Carmichael and Joanne Froggatt Is There Something I Should Know? Duran Duran sue Chicago-based fan club for $40,000, claiming they were not paid proceeds Elizabeth Berkley shows off her toned legs in tiny denim shorts and flip flops as she steps out for lunch with adorable son Sky Low-key day out First look at a gaunt Jake Gyllenhaal in the trailer for Nightcrawler... the movie that he lost 20lbs for Plays a desperate TV crime reporter She's a (crop) top model! Jourdan Dunn puts her lithe figure on display in form-fitting two piece as she leads celebrity arrivals at fashion launch Today's headlines Most Read Israeli undercover police in running street battles with Palestinian 'Day of Rage' protesters during Friday... Billionaire hedge-funder husband 'blindsides' his wife of 11 years by filing for divorce while she is on... Underpants bomber failed in mission to blow up airliner 'because he wore same pair of underwear for two... 'I trusted God from the first instant. I knew that he would not abandon me': First words of Meriam Ibrahim... Obama hauls Central American leaders to White House to order them to stop immigration flood – but they blame... Obama set to give child immigrants refugee status BEFORE they arrive in the US: White House floats pilot... America's favorite burger comes from a chain that you have probably never heard of Michigan man dies after he is attacked by two dogs during after-work jog 'Learn to park s***bag!' Neighborhood vigilante spray paints rude messages on cars on crowded New York... Harry Potter and the customs officer: Daniel Radcliffe is turned away from US border over visa issues Mom who took kids to controversial church that used naked light therapy ritual to 'cure' drug addictions and... Raging husband arrested after hanging family dog then setting fire to his house full of cats after row with... 10-month-old girl dead after foster parents left her inside car for more than TWO HOURS in 95-degree heat Heads down toilets, faces in the snow and blacked out in the library: Dangerous trend as hundreds of high... White House senior adviser Dan Pfeiffer says he 'would not discount the possibility' that House Republicans... Author of explosive new book claims 'Bill Clinton's mistresses and Hillary Clinton's pot use in college was... 'Bucket full of heads any1 in aus want some organs please dont be shy to ask': Smirking Australian terrorist... Jihadists 'order four million girls and women in Iraqi city to undergo female genital mutilation' Mom shocked after son leaves his ice cream sandwich in the heat for 12 hours and it does not melt Wikipedia bans computers in Congress from editing pages after changes saw Donald Rumsfeld described as a... The end of the elephant, rhino and polar bear? Experts say sixth mass extinction on Earth has ALREADY... 'It's like the Hunger Games': Australian tourist's fascinating dispatches from North Korea, where citizens... 'You've no idea what you're talking about': Fifi Geldof launches expletive-laden attack on critic who called... Why did police say Peaches' death was 'unexplained'? Force say 'duty of care' to Geldof family was behind... 'What you doing? Oh no! Oh no!' Mother-of-four 'begged for her life as she was decapitated by female... Ohio State marching band chief is fired for allowing 'sexualized' rituals among members including performing... Michael Moore's lavish property empire is revealed in court documents as he and wife of 22 years divorce Want to repel mosquitoes? There's an APP for that: Phone software mimics the sounds of predators to repel... Oops! Homeowner reveals a little too much when he takes a photo of his bathroom for real estate listing MORE HEADLINES Hero doctor stops hospital shooting rampage: Psychiatrist uses his own gun to shoot patient who killed caseworker in front of him 'Bucket full of heads any1 in aus want some organs please dont be shy to ask': Smirking Australian terrorist poses with decapitated heads in sickening pictures posted online Two women found GUILTY of beating newly-wed to death outside a California nightclub after 'accidental photobomb' incident facing up to 11 years in prison Kazakh volleyball player Sabina Altynbekova so attractive nobody watches the sport anymore Pregnant woman in labor was prevented from getting to hospital across the street for 30 minutes by President Obama's motorcade on way to fundraiser Mali's president says wreckage of missing Air Algerie flight has been spotted in north of country as 116 passengers feared dead Indian rape suspects lie beaten on the ground, surrounded by angry mob after girl, seven, is found hanging from a tree in latest incident to shame country Casey Kasem's body could be kept in Montreal funeral home for months and his children may never know where he is to be buried, his family fears Was it a contract killing? Police reveal Harvard-educated law professor was murdered with point-blank shot to the head inside locked home as they release photo of suspicious Toyota Prius seen nearby Patient, 56, wakes up from routine circumcision to find his penis amputated Male model who took the women's fashion world by storm comes out as a transgender woman after sex reassignment surgery Mystery 'do-gooder' causes panic by leaving sinister dolls resembling REAL young girls outside homes in gated California community Billionaire hedge-funder husband 'blindsides' his wife of 11 years by filing for divorce while she is on vacation with their three children Michael Moore's lavish property empire is revealed in court documents as he and wife of 22 years divorce 'If you think that women are safe on cruise ships, think again': Passengers recount horror stories of rape to Senate 'Mascara from Amsterdam, or if to be precise from the field': Outrage as female 'separatist' posts Instagram selfie wearing 'looted mascara - and boasting about it' 'We did it!' Mom who lost three kids and grandparents in Christmas fire finds love and marries 'It's like the Hunger Games': Australian tourist's fascinating dispatches from North Korea, where citizens are force-fed propaganda and brainwashed into worshipping their Supreme Leader 'What you doing? Oh no! Oh no!' Mother-of-four 'begged for her life as she was decapitated by female neighbour who scattered body parts across two counties' Royal playtime: Enchanting and intimate home-movie pictures show the Windsors really DO know how to have fun How do you solve a problem like Maria? Putin's daughter (whoever she is) said to have fled from Holland with her boyfriend after Dutch fury at Russia's response to MH17 disaster  The wedding crashers: Invitation that went out to the wrong guests becomes internet hit after stranger responds to text with 'We still coming' Royal garden party: Princess Mary and Prince Frederik dazzle in the sunshine as the Danish royal family retires to the stunning surrounds of their summer palace Haven't they suffered enough? Now MH17 victim's wife is forced to cancel his credit cards because they were being USED by thieving pro-Russian rebels Michael Schumacher's devastated wife puts their £12million private jet with his initials on the tail up for sale Jihadists 'order four million girls and women in Iraqi city to undergo female genital mutilation' America's favorite burger comes from a chain that you have probably never heard of 'You've no idea what you're talking about': Fifi Geldof launches expletive-laden attack on critic who called her sister Peaches 'selfish' online Father smirks as he is sentenced to 18 years for fatally beating two-year-old daughter in attack he hoped would make her a lesbian so she would avoid men MOST READ IN DETAIL CARPOOL COOKING Quick & easy recipe ideas for the entire family more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Mobile Apps RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network Evening Standard This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Villa Holidays Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us Advertise with us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
