http://news.nationalgeographic.com/news/2011/01/pictures/110131-egyptian-museum-looted-artifacts-damaged-egypt-protests-mubarak/
Skip to this page's content Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement National Geographic Society P.O. Box 98199 Washington, DC 20090-8199 USA 38.90531943278526, -77.0376992225647 800-647-5463 Search National Geographic Searchnationalgeographic.com Search NationalGeographic.com Search Video Submit Connect: Home Daily News The Magazine Maps Science Education Games Events Blogs Movies Explorers Apps Trips Video Video Home Nat Geo TV Nat Geo Wild Kids Photography Photography Home Blog Photo of the Day Your Shot Wallpapers Galleries Photo Tips Photographers Buy Prints Animals Animals Home Facts Photos Video Animal Conservation Big Cats Initiative Environment Environment Home Energy Freshwater Global Warming Habitats Natural Disasters The Ocean Travel Travel Home Top 10 Destinations A-Z Trip Ideas Travel Blogs Traveler Magazine Photos Video Our Trips Adventure Adventure Home Gear Ultimate Adventurers Trip Ideas Parks Photos Video Blog Nat Geo Trips AllTrails Television National Geographic Channel Nat Geo Wild TV Schedule Shows Video Blogs Kids Kids Home Games Videos Animals My Shot Animal Jam Subscribe National Geographic Magazine National Geographic Kids National Geographic Little Kids National Geographic Traveler Shop Store Home Genographic Kits Best Sellers New Kids Shop Gift Finder Channel Shop Sale Shop by Catalog Email Signup National Geographic Daily News Home Animals Ancient Energy Environment Travel/Cultures Space/Tech Water Weird News Photos News Video News Blogs Pictures: Ancient Egyptian Artifacts Damaged in Looting Egyptian Museum Photograph by Tara Todra Whitehill, AP Tanks roll into Tahrir Square outside the Egyptian Museum in Cairo on Sunday, January 30, 2011. During the chaotic protests two nights before, would-be looters broke into the 108-year-old building through a skylight, according to official reports. The vandals damaged mummies and artifacts but were arrested before they could make off with anything. (See "Egypt Treasures Looted, but Public Strikes Back.") —Ann R. Williams, National Geographic magazine senior writer and regional editor Published January 31, 2011 Shattered Photograph from AP Two ancient mummified heads, as yet unidentified, lie on the floor of the Egyptian Museum on Monday after the weekend attack by looters. (Related: "Plundering of Tombs, Museums, Antiquities Widespread, Egyptian Official Reports" on our News Watch blog.) Published January 31, 2011 Before the Break-in Photograph by Roger Wood, Corbis Pictured in 1963, a 14th-century B.C. statuette from King Tut's tomb shows the young pharaoh balanced on the back of a leopard. One of a matched pair, the sculpture was reportedly damaged in the weekend attack on the Egyptian Museum. (See pictures of King Tut tomb treasures.) Published January 31, 2011 Guarding the Past Photograph by Tara Todras-Whitehill, AP In a gallery displaying King Tut's 3,300-year-old chariots, a member of the Egyptian special forces stands guard near a case allegedly smashed by looters this past weekend. Pieces of the pharaoh's damaged ceremonial fan of gold lie on top of the glass. (See ancient Egypt pictures, stories, and more from National Geographic magazine.) Published January 31, 2011 Line of Fire Photograph by Kenneth Garrett, National Geographic Looters in the Egyptian Museum reportedly damaged 4,000-year-old models that represent an army of Nubian archers (shown intact in a file picture). Standing about 21 inches (53 centimeters) tall, the statues were discovered in 1894 in the tomb of a prince in the town of Assiut. Published January 31, 2011 City of the Dead Photograph by Werner Forman, Corbis In the region around this 4,500-year-old tomb of an official at Abusir (pictured in an undated photo), looters allegedly broke into excavation warehouses filled with artifacts this past weekend. Egypt's museums are so full of ancient treasures that many excavated objects are stored near the sites where they were found. In peaceful times a padlocked door, lead seals marked with an inspector's stamp, and a guard are enough to keep them safe. Published January 31, 2011 Face in the Crowd Photograph by Kenneth Garrett, National Geographic Shown in an undated picture, crowds throng King Tut's golden funerary mask in the Egyptian Museum. The iconic piece was not among the damaged artifacts. "A lot of the things that were broken off were gilded wood, so I think [the looters] were after gold," UCLA Egyptologist Willeke Wendrich told National Geographic News. "The restoration of those objects, even if all the parts are still there, will be very difficult, time consuming, and costly," she added. "This is really fragile wood." Published January 31, 2011 More » 0 comments   Get Livefyre FAQ Sign in + Follow Post comment   Link Newest | Oldest Powered by Livefyre Share Email More » Latest Photos Best New Space Pics Picture Archive: Washington Monument, 1940s More news pictures » Advertisement Loading News Video The Bee-utiful World of an Unconventional Scientist The Most Nutritious Grain You've Never Heard Of Cursed Warship Yields Treasure Trove of Artifacts Crowd Cheers as Sea Turtles Return to the Sea If You're Scared of Snakes, Don't Watch This Advertisement How to Feed Our Growing Planet Explorer Moment: The Little Foxes Anders Angerbjörn learns little foxes have big attitudes. See blogs, stories, and news » The Innovators Project Megafishes Project The unprecedented use of fresh water has led to the declining populations of these aquatic giants. Learn more about these big fish before they disappear. See more innovators » Latest News Video The Bee-utiful World of an Unconventional Scientist For Sam Droege, bees aren't just a job—they're a way of life. His house abounds with them and his macro photography offers a dazzling glimpse of bees. See more videos » Something to Share? E-mail Us at Newsdesk@ngs.org Send Us Your Photos Special Ad Section See Us on Google Glass Shop Our Space Collection Be the First to Own Cosmos: A Spacetime Odyssey The updated companion book to Carl Sagan's Cosmos, featuring a new forward by Neil deGrasse Tyson is now available. Proceeds support our mission programs, which protect species, habitats, and cultures. Shop Now » National Geographic Home » News » Pictures: Ancient Egyptian Artifacts Damaged in Looting Home Video Photography Animals Environment Travel Adventure Television Kids Shop Daily News The Magazine Maps Science & Space Education Games Events Blogs Movies Explorers Mobile Site Index Magazine Subscriptions Buy Prints Stock Footage Stock Photos Our Trips Jobs Global Sites Sustainability About Contact Gifts DVD's Books Maps & Globes Sale Travel Gear Photography Gear Donate Press Room Customer Service Advertise With Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy © 1996-2014 National Geographic Society. All rights reserved.
http://www.theguardian.com/artanddesign/jonathanjonesblog/2011/jan/31/egypt-museums-must-be-defended
Turn autoplay off Turn autoplay on Please activate cookies in order to turn autoplay off Jump to content [s] Jump to comments [c] Jump to site navigation [0] Jump to search [4] Terms and conditions [8] Edition: UK US AU Your activity Email subscriptions Account details Linked services Sign out Profile Beta News US World Sports Comment Culture Business Money Environment Science Travel Tech Media Life & style Data Culture Art and design Jonathan Jones on art Next Previous Blog home Egypt's museums must be defended Attacks on Cairo museums remind us that whatever happens in Egypt now, the key to its future lies in respecting its past Share Tweet this Email An Egyptian soldier stands guard outside Cairo's Egyptian Museum. Photograph: Marco Longari/AFP/Getty Images In such tumultuous days for modern Egypt, does it matter what happens to the legacy of ancient Egypt? The answer surely has to be yes. There is no defence for the criminal acts of whoever damaged artefacts in the Egyptian Museum in Cairo , nor should it be seen as somehow detracting from the democratic cause to stress the world importance of these relics. I will confine myself to pointing out why this museum matters so much. This central Cairo museum houses the greatest collection of ancient Egyptian art and antiquities in the world. This is something of a miracle, given that from the time of Napoleon onwards Europeans tried to get hold of as much Egyptian treasure as possible. Colossal statues were dragged on to ships, mummy cases became must-have curios. The reason so many great objects stayed in Egypt is that idealists fought to keep them in the country – and modern Egypt maintains its heritage supremely well. An attack on the Cairo collection is therefore an attack on today's Egypt, as well as that of Rameses the Great. The museum in Cairo holds innumerable masterpieces including the death mask and tomb treasures of Tutankhamun, the mannerist experimental art of the age of Akhenaten, and many profoundly moving sculpted portraits, wall paintings, and mummies. According to reports, two mummies have been ruined. The worrying question is which mummies, for at the heart of this museum is a collection of resin-coated bodies removed from the tombs in the Valley of the Kings. These are, as they say in Sicily, excellent cadavers – the mummies of some of ancient Egypt's greatest rulers. In a fuller – and very personal – account that Egypt's great archaeologist Zahi Hawass posted on his website yesterday, he says the 10 looters even damaged one of the fabulous objects from Tutankhamun's tomb. He also says he has had worrying reports from other sites, but also that young archaeologists and others are volunteering to give their lives to protect their country's unrivalled heritage of beauty and history. But the fact is that nothing in the Egyptian Museum is ordinary or dull. It is one of the most magical collections on Earth. No damage to its collections can be considered slight, or dismissed as trivial – even when compared with the great events happening outside. Whatever happens in Egypt now, the precious human inheritance of its ancient past must be defended. Rationalise the destruction of history and you will be amazed at what you rationalise next. Sign up for the Guardian Today Our editors' picks for the day's top news and commentary delivered to your inbox each morning. Sign up for the daily email Posted by Jonathan Jones Monday 31 January 2011 07.03 EST theguardian.com Jump to comments (…) Print this Share Contact us Send to a friend Sender's name Recipient's email address Your IP address will be logged Share Short link for this page: http://gu.com/p/2mn5d StumbleUpon reddit Tumblr Digg LinkedIn del.icio.us Facebook Twitter Contact us Contact the Arts editor arts@theguardian.com Report errors or inaccuracies: userhelp@theguardian.com Letters for publication should be sent to: guardian.letters@theguardian.com If you need help using the site: userhelp@theguardian.com Call the main Guardian and Observer switchboard: +44 (0)20 3353 2000 Advertising guide License/buy our content Article history About this article Egypt's museums must be defended | Jonathan Jones This article was published on the Guardian website at 07.03 EST on Monday 31 January 2011. It was last modified at 11.31 EDT on Tuesday 3 June 2014. Culture Museums World news Egypt · Middle East and North Africa · Protest · Arab and Middle East unrest · Africa Art and design More from Jonathan Jones on art on Culture Museums World news Egypt · Middle East and North Africa · Protest · Arab and Middle East unrest · Africa More blogposts More on this story Chinese authorities restrict news of Egypt protests Searches for Chinese characters for Egypt on popular websites return messages saying results are not being shown due to local regulations Mohamed ElBaradei addresses protesters in Egypt - video Egypt protests: Israel fears unrest may threaten peace treaty Al-Jazeera journalists arrested in Egypt Egypt may find that orderly transitions are sometimes disorderly Tahrir Square remains centre of protests - in pictures Next Previous Blog home Share Tweet this Email Comments Click here to join the discussion. We can't load the discussion on theguardian.com because you don't have JavaScript enabled. ' + 'Comments ' + 'Click here to join the discussion. We can\'t load the ' + 'discussion on theguardian.com ' + 'because your web browser does not support all the features that we ' + 'need. If you cannot upgrade your browser to a newer version, you can ' + 'access the discussion ' + 'here. On the Guardian today Music Nicki Minaj's Anaconda cover artwork: too racy for its own good? World news Calls for NYPD chokehold investigation grow after funeral for Eric Garner Science 'Extreme solar storm' could have pulled the plug on Earth World news Isis orders all girls and women in Mosul to undergo FGM, UN report says Life and style Kids, guns and the American way World news Gaza violence spreads to West Bank with six Palestinians reportedly killed Today's best video The Guardian Film Show Critics Xan Brooks, Peter Bradshaw and Henry Barnes review this week's big releases, including Hercules, The Galapagos Affair and Joe A day in the life of a 'Boris' bike London cyclists offer their views on hire bikes and cycling in the capital From Scotland With Love Alexis Petridis recommends King Creosote's soundtrack to a heartfelt film about Scotland Malorie Blackman: my quest for diversity in children's books Children's laureate interviewed by a teenager On Art & design Most viewed Latest Last 24 hours 1.  The western front in the first world war and now – interactive 2. The first colour photography from Russia – in pictures 3. Pictures of the week: Hungarian Sea, by Michal Solarski 4. The ruins of Verdun, 1916 … and now – interactive 5. Top 10 artistic talents lost in the first world war More most viewed Last 24 hours 1.  Pictures of the week: Hungarian Sea, by Michal Solarski 2. How great thou art: 50 years of Afro-Caribbean funerals – in pictures 3. Buzz Aldrin's selfie and a bonsai tree in space – the week in art 4. The western front in the first world war and now – interactive 5. Keith Vaughan, Sandra Blow, Art Social: this week’s new art shows All today's stories tag setTimeout("cleanUpExtraWeirdLinkCreatedBySomeOtherScriptThatOnlyExistsOnOnePageThatICantFineAwesomesauce()", 1000); setTimeout("cleanUpExtraWeirdLinkCreatedBySomeOtherScriptThatOnlyExistsOnOnePageThatICantFineAwesomesauce()", 2500); Sponsored feature License/buy our content | Privacy policy | Terms of service | US advertising | A - Z index | About us © 2014 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved. Share Tweet this The link you clicked on is trying to take you to a scam site. Please close your browser and delete the email containing the link. ; '); } // <" + "/script>"; script += "\n "; script += "\nvar pvar = { cid: 'uk-305078h', content: '0', server: 'secure-uk' };"; script += "\nvar feat = { landing_page: 0 };"; script += "\nvar trac = nol_t(pvar, feat);"; script += "\ntrac.record().post();"; script += "\n<" + "/script>"; jQ("#n-analytics-placeholder").writeCapture().replaceWith(script); } ); }
http://www.eloquentpeasant.com/2011/01/29/statues-of-tutankhamun-damagedstolen-from-the-egyptian-museum/
Home About Map The Eloquent Peasant An Egyptologist’s blog about everything ancient Egyptian Subscribe to Posts Comments Statues of Tutankhamun damaged at the Egyptian Museum January 29th, 2011 by Margaret For the latest updates, see the new blog post. UPDATE Jan 30th, 12pm: the mummies of Tutankhamun’s great-grandparents damaged? UPDATE Jan 30th, 2pm: golden fan of Tut damaged, Dr. Zahi Hawass confirms damage to at least one Tut statue UPDATE Jan 30th, 4:30pm: confirmation of theft from the former director of the Egyptian Museum; Memphis Museum also looted UPDATE Jan 30th, 5:30pm: statement from Dr. Zahi Hawass posted on his blog UPDATE Jan 31st, 11am: at least two of Tutankhamun’s gilded statues safe UPDATE Jan 31st, 1:40pm: new photo showing damaged mummy heads, Hawass appointed Minister of Antiquities UPDATE Jan 31st, 2:50pm: damaged mummies very unlikely to be Yuya & Tjuya UPDATE Jan 31st, 3:50pm: raw footage used by Al Jazeera shows Tut figure from panther statue still in the museum UPDATE Jan 31st, 11:20pm: various reports about extensive damage or lack thereof at Saqqara & Abusir from an Egyptian antiquities inspector, Professor Miroslav Bárta, & Dr. Hawass UPDATE Feb 1st, 12:45am: two new photos of damage from the Egyptian Museum UPDATE Feb 1st, 9:40pm: another update from Dr. Hawass and further worrying reports suggesting damage/looting at Saqqara & Abusir UPDATE Feb 2nd, 12:45am: Facebook group Egyptologists for Egypt says reliefs from the tomb of Maia at Saqqara hacked out EDITED-Maia or Maya? UPDATE Feb 2nd, 11pm: further suggestions of looting at Saqqara; Salima Ikram trying to assess the situation on the ground UPDATE Feb 3rd, 9:20am: Salima Ikram reporting from Saqqara UPDATE Feb 3rd, 4pm: another statement from Dr. Zahi Hawass, photos from the museum, including one of the mummies UPDATE Feb 4th, 1am: an update from the Dutch team at Saqqara says Abusir & Saqqara looted, a report of pharaonic statues seized in Algeria UPDATE Feb 4th, 11:50pm: more reports of Saqqara & Abusir under attack, Dr. Hawass says untrue; a report from the Fayum; and supposedly looted statues in Algeria are fakes UPDATE Feb 5th: for the latest updates, see the new blog post Devastating footage from Al Jazeera posted on Twitter and Flickr now shows significant damage and destruction in the Egyptian Museum in Cairo. Some of these images can be found at these sites. The footage appears to show wooden statues from the tomb of Tutankhamun with the gilded figure of the king ripped from the smashed bases. Images below show the statues in their original state, and their current condition: Gilded statue of Tutankhamun hunting on a papyrus skiff Gilded statue of Tutankhamun astride a panther Middle Kingdom models of daily life and their have been smashed. The damage on the famous army of Mehseti doesn’t seem to be too severe thankfully, but other beautiful models are broken and strewn on the floor. Soldiers of Mehseti, Asyut, 11th dynasty It is an incredibly sad state of affairs as we await news of the full extent of this destruction of history. UPDATE: I’ve now identified the smashed wooden boat as also belonging to the tomb of Meseti at Asyut (Cairo 4918). It’s one of the largest model boats in existence, measuring over 1.5 metres, and it dates to approximately 2000BC, so over it’s 4000 years old. Very sad. Here’s a photo of it from it’s original publication back in 1913, but you can also follow this link to see a photo of it as it looked in the museum. UPDATE: Watching the actual video footage of the museum from Al Jazeera, I regret to say that I think you can spot at the 1 minute mark (see a screen capture and the video itself below), footage of another destroyed statue of Tutankhamun, one of the two statues depicted below (photos care of the Griffith Institute Archive‘s Tutankhamun collection). Amendment, Jan 31st: it appears that these gilded sandaled feet also belong to the panther statue. See update from Jan 31st, 11am below for further info. For a colour photo of these statues, see these photos from the blog of Richard Seaman. ANOTHER UPDATE, 30th Jan 12pm: In the comments, Tamakazura has correctly identified the gilded open work cartonnage case shown on Al Jazeera as belonging to Tjuya, mother of the great Queen Tiye and great-grandmother of Tutankhamun. Below you can compare a photo from The Complete Valley of the Kings, p. 176 and the still from Al Jazeera. The case was placed directly on Tjuya’s body, so it is doubtful that it could have been removed without damaging her mummy. This suggests that the two mummies mentioned by Dr. Zahi Hawass as being beheaded and severely damaged may be those of Yuya and Tjuya . Aiden Dodson has been able to confirm that the case was displayed separately from Tjuya, so her mummy has not been damaged. They are important historical figures as well as two of the best preserved mummies from ancient Egypt, so it would indeed be tragic if this is true. I hope that the incredible burial assemblage found with them, one of the most celebrated discoveries in Egyptology, has not suffered also. Also, in this Al Jazeera report, Dr. Zahi Hawass, comments on the damage at the museum: UPDATE, 30th Jan 2pm: The gold fan head featured in the Al Jazeera footage appears to be a fan belonging to Tutankhamun. Here is a photo from the original excavations courtesy of the Griffith Institute- the fan in question is on the far left- and a screen shot of the fan lying in the museum. At least it appears that only the shaft has been broken off and the decoration has been left intact. Dr. Zahi Hawass, Secretary General of the Supreme Council of Antiquities, has confirmed damage to at least one statue of Tutankhamun. I fear it may be more, but I hope that Dr. Hawass is correct that the damage is minimal. At least his comments are reassuring about the current security situation at the museum, as well as some inspiring words for the Egyptians who attempted to protect the museum. UPDATE, 30th Jan 4:30pm: Zeit Online (in German and translated into English) has posted an interview with Wafaa el-Saddik, the director of the Egyptian Museum up until very recently, who says that 13 cases have been smashed, some objects have definitely been stolen, the looting of the museum was an inside job by guards and police, and that the museum in Memphis has also been looted. UPDATE, 30th Jan 5:30pm: Dr. Zahi Hawass has posted a statement on his own blog. He confirms the destruction of one of the Tutankhamun panther statues. I should also clarify concerning the Tutankhamun statues that have been smashed, that each of them belongs to a pair of statues, and one can only hope that the statues’ twins have survived the damage. See below for images from the wonderful Griffith Institute of the statues as they were found in situ in the Valley of the Kings: I should also mention that this Al Jazeera screen capture shows a soldier uprooted from the great model army of Meseti, from Asyut, which I mentioned above. At least four of these figures appear to have been torn from the 4000 year old model. UPDATE, 31st Jan 11am: In the comments, Mellady mentions that two of the gilded Tutankhamun statues, which are mentioned above shown wearing the crowns of Upper and Lower Egypt (the ones *not* on the papyrus boat or the panther), are probably still on tour in the USA with the ‘Tutankhamun and the Golden Age of the Pharaohs’ tour. You can see photos of the statues in questions on at these exhibition links. The exhibition was just in New York until January 17th, 2011, and it’s due to open again in St. Paul, Minnesota on February 18th, 2011. If you factor in the time needed to move the objects and set up the new exhibition space, they must be in one of those cities. I have contacted the exhibition organisers to see if I can confirm this. This would suggest that the broken sandalled feet shown in the Al Jazeera footage belong to the figure of Tutankhamun from the panther statue. Other objects shown in the footage but difficult to specifically identify appear to include a smashed shabti figurine, a bronze statuette of the Apis bull, a travertine calcite (alabaster) vessel, faience jewellery, and a faience hippo figurine from Lisht. The large wooden statue shown in the screen capture below comes from the Meseti boat model. Another model figure shown in the footag, kneeling and armless, also appears to be from the same model. There are worrying reports of archaeological sites and museums around the country being targeted but no concrete information as of yet. Nevertheless, I am still inspired and awed by the valiant efforts of ordinary Egyptian citizens taking a stand to protect the heritage of which they are so proud. For whatever damage has been done, it’s possible that it could have been much worse without their help. My focus on this site is on the artefacts because that is what I’m best able to comment on, but my thoughts are with the Egyptian people. UPDATE, 31st Jan 1:40pm: Via Kate Phizackerley: there is now a photo, purportedly from the Associated Press, showing two damaged mummy heads, posted on this site. I’m not sure about the source of this photo, but the mummies don’t look particularly like Yuya or Tjuya. It’s possible that severe damage has may them harder to identify, or we could be dealing with different individuals. Also, Dr. Zahi Hawass has reportedly been appointed to the new government position of Minister of Antiquities, and Gaber Asfour has been named Minister of Culture. UPDATE, 31st Jan 2:50pm: According to Egyptologist Aidan Dodson, the damaged mummies are very unlikely to be Yuya and Tjuya: ‘the gold mummy-cover of Tjuiu was not actually on her body any more… Both mummies were inside their coffins – the photo of Tjuiu shown earlier was from an old display of 1910.’ UPDATE, 31st Jan 3:50pm: Raw video footage that has emerged on youTube is no longer on youTube showing more images than first seen on Al Jazeera, including the gilded figure of Tutankhamun from the panther statue, lying in another case at the 0:50 mark. This confirms that the statue was not removed from the museum at the time of damage. UPDATE Jan 31st, 11:20pm: There are a number of reports out there, from various people such as an Egyptian antiquities inspector and Professor Miroslav Bárta, suggesting that there may have been a fair amount of damage at Saqqara & Abusir. However, we don’t have much concrete information yet. Dr. Hawass has stated that while tombs have indeed been broken into, nothing has been taken damaged. Vincent Brown’s Talking Pyramids site has a very good compilation of all these reports. In terms of following future stories about the archaeological situation in Egypt, Kate Phizackerley has set up a database of information on sites and museums. UPDATE Feb 1st, 12:45am: In the comments, Nicko kindly directed me to some new AP photos of damage in the Egyptian Museum. The two new images appear to show a smashed and emptied case in the foreground with a few gilded canes and sticks lying on top. In the background, you can see the display of chariots and off to the right, the huge golden shrines of Tutankhamun. National Geographic now has a higher resolution version of one of the photos, which shows that Tut’s gold fan mentioned above is also lying on top of the case. A large number of staff, canes, and sticks were found in Tutankhamun’s tomb, shown in the following photos from the Griffith Institute Archive, and it is possible that some these are shown in the images. I would also like to thank everyone who has contributed to the discussion in the comments and I’m sorry I haven’t had the time to reply to all your remarks! UPDATE Feb 1st, 9:40pm: Dr. Zahi Hawass, Egypt’s Minister of Antiquities, released another statement earlier today stating that 288 objects stolen from the magazine in Qantara have been returned. [Considering the magazine reportedly contained 3000 objects, this may not be the best news] He says that 70 objects in the Egyptian Museum suffered damage, including the Tutankhamun panther statue, but it should be possible to repair them. He notes that most of the damage was done because the looters couldn’t see what they were doing in the dark. He says that all other museums and sites are now safe, being guarded by the army and also local Egyptians. An excellent article at The Art of Counting has reports from a number of Egyptologists. The article states that Maarten Raven, an Egyptologist at the Museum of Antiquities in Leiden, says that the Dutch excavation projects at Saqqara have been looted and destroyed. Richard Wilkinson at the University of Arizona says that the army and neighbourhood watch groups are protecting sites on the west bank at Luxor. Carol Redmount at Berkeley states: “Mme Nadia visited El Hibeh today and said the site has been looted, but should be okay from now on as they are expecting guards to be in place. I also heard that Ihnasya el Medinah had been hit. The Beni Suef Museum is safe.” UAE newspaper the National also has varying reports about possible damage at Abusir and Saqqara. A rather sensationalist article in the British tabloid the Sun has reported extensive damage at Abusir and in the magazine in Qantara. Overall, there are very worrying reports, especially from Saqqara and Abusir, but also reassurance about many other sites. Human Rights Watch’s emergencies director Peter Bouckaert is reported to have stated that some of the looters at the Egyptian Museum and elsewhere were found to have been carrying police identification cards. A further approximate 50 individuals have been detained by the army trying to break into the museum. UPDATE Feb 2nd, 12:45am: The Facebook group Egyptologists for Egypt has posted the following information: ‘From our Senior Guide. A Sakkara inspector told him that in the last few days Sakkara has been ransacked. Maia is destroyed and even the reliefs in the burial chamber have been hacked out. There is mass digging around the Unas area in particular. The inspector could not get as far as the Teti area as he was threatened with guns but the mastabas will have suffered the same fate. A black day (via P.Allingham).’ This information does not make it clear whether the tomb referred to is that of Maia, wet nurse of Tutankhamun, or that of Maya, the Overseer of the Treasury and Overseer of Works under Tutankhamun. I originally assumed because of the spelling that it was more likely to refer to the lady Maia, but I should stress that with very little information so far, we cannot really be sure. Because of the comments on the damage by the Dutch Mission it seems more likely that Maya’s tomb is the one that has been hit. I’m posting information about both tombs below until we can get any further news. Either way, if the reports are true, then it seems that artefacts from that particular period of Egyptian history have suffered especially. Dr. Maarten Raven, the Field Director of the Dutch Mission, has posted this statement: ‘There are various reports circulating on the internet about widespread looting in Saqqara and Abusir. However, we would like to stress that so far we have not been able to obtain any confirmation of this, except the following. On Saturday 29 January our restoration architect in Cairo told us that his contractor at Saqqara confirmed the looting in Saqqara. On Sunday 30 January the SCA Director of Saqqara told us that the site of the Dutch expedition has been involved in the looting. He would or could not give further details, and that is still the current situation. We have so far been unable to establish direct contact with people who know more.’ I suggest following the Egyptological Looting Database for further updates on the Saqqara. The tomb of Maya and his wife Merit was originally discovered by Lepsius in 1843 and then lost until its rediscovery in 1986 by a joint mission of the Rijksmuseum van Oudheden and the EES. Maya served under both Tutankhamun and Horemheb. The tomb of Maya, Overseer of the Treasury, from the Dutch Excavations Maia was the wet nurse of Tutankhamun and a high ranking woman. Her tomb was discovered at Saqqara in 1997 by Alain Zivie and the French Mission (info in English). The following video shows scenes from the tomb of Maia with Alain Zivie. Photo of a tomb relief depicting Maia and the young Tutankhamun UPDATE Feb 2nd, 11pm: No further news of sites being attacked today, hopefully this is a good sign, but there have been a few note-worthy posts on the Facebook group Restore + save the Egyptian Museum, which I’d recommend following for updates directly from Egyptologists, some relayed from the field. I’m posting screen captures of them below: another report of Saqqara looting, a pledge by Dr. Salima Ikram in Egypt to gather further info about sites, and an impassioned plea from Tahrir Square by a member of the group. Also, the IAE has posted this statement and Dr. Mark Lehner, director of the Giza Plateau Mapping Project, is still planning to head out to Egypt next week. UPDATE Feb 3rd, 9:20am: Peter Allingham reports on behalf of Dr. Salima Ikram from Saqqara, again from the very helpful Facebook group Restore + save the Egyptian Museum: Update: Feb 3rd, 4pm: Dr. Zahi Hawass has posted another statement reassuring everyone about the safety and security of the museum and other sites, and has uploaded photos from the museum showing the heavy security in place. Dr. Hawass also expresses his frustration with reports of damage elsewhere, which he insists is not true, including Saqqara. I hope he will understand that the only reason everyone is concerned about possible damage is because of our love for Egypt and its incredible antiquities. The photos on Dr. Hawass’ site also include a new image of one of the damaged mummies’ heads (still unidentified) and the broken vitrine with the fan and canes. Update: Feb 4th, 1am: A news update from the Dutch excavation team at Saqqara: ‘Thursday 3 February 14:00 – A reliable source in Cairo (who had this directly from one of the SCA inspectors at Saqqara) confirmed that the Czech magazine at Abusir and the Cairo University magazine at Saqqara have been looted. No confirmation could be had about private tombs. Apparently doors have been forcibly opened but whether reliefs have been taken is not clear. The inspectors themselves have not yet had access to all parts of the site.’ A story from the Times of Algeria posted by Kate says that two pharonic statues were found in the possession of four individuals who have now been arrested. There are no images or further details so the identification of the statues might not necessarily be accurate. Update: Feb 4th, 11:50pm: Two reports from CultureGrrl and Science said to be from unnamed Egyptologists say that there has been a lot of damage in Saqqara and Abusir, while another statement from Dr. Zahi Hawass says that the reports are untrue. A report from the Hungarian team at Lahun says there has been some illicit digging in the Fayum area but an attempted looting of Karanis magazine was stopped by the SCA and local Egyptians. The story from Algeria yesterday about smuggled stolen Egyptian statues being found turns out only to involve fakes, which is apparent from the new photo that has been posted. 103 Comments » 103 Responses to “Statues of Tutankhamun damaged at the Egyptian Museum” on 29 Jan 2011 at 7:52 pm 1 judith weingarten Not being an Egyptologist, I hadn’t recognized the gilt-edged papyrus skiff of Tutankhamen when I saw it broken on the floor of the museum via al-Jazeera. So the damage looked less to me than appears to be the case. One can only grieve. on 29 Jan 2011 at 8:22 pm 2 Ibuprofeno So embarrassing. on 29 Jan 2011 at 8:37 pm 3 V There’s alot of brouhaha about this in the same propaganda media outlets that are trying to paint the opposition as islamists… Even though the Muslim Brotherhood refused to approve of the protests. And tons of astroturfers too. When I heard of the protests I thought this is optimistic, as this is a chance of getting Zahi Hawass, Mubarak’s courrt “archaeologist” and their absurd “nationalist” agenda and a possible opportunity to start Egyptology for real. It seems pretty plausible this may have been staged. It’s a common tactic to use agents provocateurs there is no place this has not been used or a protest movement without them, no exception anywhere in history. I recall in a certain country, when there was talk of getting tanks on the streets also, and again the ruling party’s headquarters was burned people plcaed among the protests too good care to burn certain documents of the secret police. And this is very much in lne with Mubarak’s propaganda line about “muslim fanatics” and his abuse of archaeological artefacts for authoritarina purposes (reminds me of certain things in some countries in southeast Europe). Nice blog! on 29 Jan 2011 at 8:44 pm 4 Kelly M This is heartbreaking. These artifacts have survived for millennia only to be destroyed in a matter of minutes. on 29 Jan 2011 at 8:44 pm 5 jesus Que pena ver estas imagenes, … me da mucha tristeza…. por favor id informando mas de lo que esta pasando¿donde puedo ver informacion?’ on 29 Jan 2011 at 9:48 pm 6 V http://www.talkingpointsmemo.com/live/egypt_wire/egypt_wire.html#41 “Al-Aribaya TV is reporting that protesters are trying to protect the National Museum, which contains some of Egypt’s most prized artifacts, from looters as the building next to it burns.” http://www.talkingpointsmemo.com/live/egypt_wire/egypt_wire.html#68 “Egypt’s state-run TV station says the army has secured the National Museum, which contains the country’s prizes ancient artifacts. Earlier, Al-Jazeera reported that protesters had protected the museum from looting by forming a human chain around the museum. The building next to the museum, the ruling party’s national headquarters, is burning and has been looted. ” So this makes me suspect what I said, in a hurry, and with a lot of typos, in my previous comment, even more strongly. I was making a paralel with state support of ancient archaeology for ideological purposes in southeast Europe, by imposed totalitarian and homegrown authoritarian regimes, I think I didn’t make my point very clear. on 29 Jan 2011 at 9:50 pm 7 V Oh and the state run TV conveniently doesn’t mention the Army is now (partially?) actually siding with the protesters, unlike the police. I’m here seeing paralles with Romania. And Tunisia for a more recent example. on 29 Jan 2011 at 10:12 pm 8 Marsa Heartbreaking indeed! The whole affair. I was so afraid this was going to happen. Is there any news about the two pharonic mummies that have been damaged? Has Hawass mentioned names already? on 29 Jan 2011 at 11:00 pm 9 Diane Heartbreaking to see, but it warms my heart to see all the civilians linking arms to protect their heritage. This Museum must be protected for all the future generations to come after us. on 29 Jan 2011 at 11:58 pm 10 Dawn LeBlanc truly heartbreaking… Whether staged or not, it’s a huge loss. And now I think I’ll go try to educate myself a bit more as to what is really happening. Thanks to the commenters who have attempted to insert an element of reality into these events. dawn leblanc artrubicon.com on 30 Jan 2011 at 12:25 am 11 Willow Excellent work in identifying the items. I guess I didn’t identify the Tutankhamun ones at first because I didn’t want to see what I was seeing. But when I saw those gilded feet on that base, my heart sank. They said the nine men who were caught had two mummy heads and two statues — I’m guessing these were the two statues in question as they are missing from the bases. Like Marsa, I figured this might happen, and I’m waiting on the names of the pharaohs as well. I will be watching this site for any news. This is a horrible day in world history, and has quickly changed my mind about returning any other artifacts to Egypt. Tragic. on 30 Jan 2011 at 12:37 am 12 Jeffrey Smith I haven’t noticed commenters inserting reality. Far from it. The image of valiant protesters protecting their heritage may be romantic, but it helps to remember that they’re the same ones who put the museum in serious danger by setting fire to the NDP headquarters. The people who are calling the whole thing “staged” have every bit as much an ulterior motive as the ones they accuse. Let’s not forget that none of this would have happened if the protesters had stayed home instead of causing trouble. on 30 Jan 2011 at 12:48 am 13 nad How did these hooligans get so far into the museum and do this kind of damage not only national treasures but world heritage treasures without being shot!!! on 30 Jan 2011 at 12:54 am 14 Kim I knew this would happen. Why they didn’t they think about protecting it? That place should tightly secured at all time. These artifacts are far more important than the conflit. They are part of human history, and it makes me extremely mad to see idiots destroy them! Glad to see a few Egyptians know the value of their history. on 30 Jan 2011 at 1:02 am 15 Ed Now, maybe, people like Hawass, will understand why museums and collectors in developed countries like the USA, England, etc don’t want to return antiquities to places like Egypt! Thank goodness for the European, English, and American adventurers, scientists, and military who were able to secure ancient antiquities lest they are lost forever in the warzone that is the middle east. on 30 Jan 2011 at 1:04 am 16 Jim_H It is indeed a sad day for the world, to have some of the most wonderful and fascinating ancient Egyptian artifacts damaged or destroyed. Willow I agree that this should cause pause for ALL the holders of ancient Egyptian artifacts to hold on to them, as it does not appear that the majority of the people of Egypt understand the importance of the artifacts to WORLD history. That is not to say that there are not some that care and very deeply about their heritage and their gifts to the world, but this current situation does not show me, personally very much. Sad, Sad, Sad. I grieve for the loss and the damage. on 30 Jan 2011 at 1:51 am 17 Weiss In reply to V: “When I heard of the protests I thought this is optimistic, as this is a chance of getting Zahi Hawass, Mubarak’s courrt “archaeologist” and their absurd “nationalist” agenda and a possible opportunity to start Egyptology for real. It seems pretty plausible this may have been staged.” Zahi Hawass is not someone to be attacked here for being on a nationalist agenda, he has put his whole life into the preservation and integrity of Egypt’s antiquities, and being an archeologist myself, I can understand why he treats the artifacts the way he does. It is national pride, and they want them back, and it is nothing short of a tragedy that this has happened to items which have survived for thousands of years, to be targeted unfairly by looters. This is, in a way, a parallel to what happened in Baghdad the year Saddam fell, save that the destruction here was at last circumvented for the pride of the nation shared by the protesters who stood in front of the building (with the army) to PROTECT it. Hawass is THE authority on Egyptian antiquities, and I think to suggest that destruction of his life effort to PRESERVE them as being staged is ignorant and absurd. “And this is very much in lne with Mubarak’s propaganda line about “muslim fanatics” and his abuse of archaeological artefacts for authoritarina purposes (reminds me of certain things in some countries in southeast Europe).” *Artifacts. I think you’re completely missing what has happened here. These artifacts have nothing to do with the state of gov’t. in Egypt. They are an unfortunate bystander that has fallen victim to the few extremists involved in the protest–extreme in the sense that they would seek to destroy or loot national symbols for misunderstood purposes, or for the sake of creating more destruction and outrage. on 30 Jan 2011 at 2:07 am 18 Willow Looks like you got picked up by MSNBC. Well done. on 30 Jan 2011 at 2:11 am 19 Moacir S. It is a catastrophe and was not worse because the vandals were unable to continue. In a picture there is a cartonnage covered with gold on the floor. I believe it belongs to the mummy of Tuya, mother of Queen Tiye. I hope that the mummy has not been damaged. Another photo shows part of a fan of Tutankhamun, also damaged. I hope the situation gets better in the country. No more deaths or destruction of history. on 30 Jan 2011 at 2:19 am 20 Lana Hill Thank you for your insightful analysis. I’m linking to this post on my blog (www.heartscarab.com) and on Facebook. on 30 Jan 2011 at 2:53 am 21 Alan Boyle Yes, thank you for your detective work, Margaret. Let’s hope the damage can be repaired. I’m still secretly hoping that these will turn out to be replicas, and that the real things are hidden away in the bowels of the museum. on 30 Jan 2011 at 3:17 am 22 Sean Sheer ignorance. It’s hard to imagine a more selfish and greedy behaviour. Such an amazing history in this country, I can not stand to read of this. on 30 Jan 2011 at 4:27 am 23 Kate Phizackerley I think you are right and that three statues of Tutankhamun have been ripped from their bases. The panther is in a desparate state. These were three of the most beautiful objects. on 30 Jan 2011 at 4:46 am 24 Nfrtiti Praying for protection of the priceless treasures housed in Egypt…and for the country we love to be unified again on 30 Jan 2011 at 4:49 am 25 martin dufresne “…This is a horrible day in world history, and has quickly changed my mind about returning any other artifacts to Egypt.” How convenient. Western looters remain above accountability! on 30 Jan 2011 at 5:38 am 26 bev It’s very sad. For anyone to desecrate a museum is appalling. on 30 Jan 2011 at 7:11 am 27 Steve T. As a retired museum curator, I find this very upsetting but not nearly as bad as what happened in Baghdad eight years ago. The photos suggest that the damage was accidental, or that the thieves tried to break off and take the gilded parts, assuming they’d be more valuable. The reports say the thieves were caught, so any items they were trying to make off with should have been recovered. Any good conservator should be able to repair the items so that the damage is undetectable, and I’m sure the Cairo museum will engage the best conservators there are. That doesn’t make this any less of a crime against all human culture and history, but it could have been so much worse. on 30 Jan 2011 at 7:18 am 28 Steve T. Oh, and my comment assumes that the news reports can be taken at face value. It’s certainly possible that this was staged to some extent, as V suggested. on 30 Jan 2011 at 7:40 am 29 Anon Heartbreaking. They are destroying history, In mere seconds. on 30 Jan 2011 at 7:43 am 30 James I am guessing that the mummies taken were Yuya and Thuya. If you look at the video where some of these images were taken from, you can see one of the coffins and below it was the cover for the mummy and some black material which I would say came from the mummy. Most of this damage appears to be in the rooms on the top floor in the center section, which is where the Yuya and Thuya artifacts were displayed. I think that the two Royal Mummy rooms were locked so it would have been difficult for them to get in quickly, but other possibilities are perhaps the newly identified mummy of Queen Tiye which was outside the newly opened mummy room, or at least it was last May. on 30 Jan 2011 at 7:50 am 31 Robert Rust Thank you for your reporting and excellent research please continue to keep us informed! on 30 Jan 2011 at 8:50 am 32 C Muhammad Though I am with the people of Egypt to remove the Mubarak regime, I am totally against the destruction of the artifacts in the Cairo Museum. I guess I can understand why the people went into the museum and destroyed the ancient artifacts because it is not their history. The ancient Egyptians didn’t look like any people of modern day Egypt. The Arabs came into Egypt in the 7th century, they even tried to take down the Pyramids but couldn’t so they used the smooth casings on the Pyramids to build their Mosque. The ancient Egyptians were Black Africans and were conquered by different nations like, Greeks, Romans, Turks, Hyksos, French, British, Persians, etc. The current Egyptians are a mixture of all these conquerors. The Egyptian government must do a better job at securing the ancient artifacts from looters, vandalism and people that want to sell the artifacts on the black market to western collectors, also the lives of the people must be protected and their property. Peace on 30 Jan 2011 at 8:51 am 33 Stephanie The figure of the leopard with the statue on its back is one of pair discovered in the tomb. I remember seeing one of them when it was was part of the US exhibit back in the 70′s. The picture of the undamaged state is, I believe, the “Cairo# 60714, Carter # 289B” . The body of the damaged leopard appears to be thicker, possibly the companion piece to it? One leopard has straight “V” shaped “eyebrows” (the one that toured the US) the other has more natural curved “eyebrows”. The “harpooner” also thankfully has a identical companion piece. Again, the catalog number for the one that toured the US in the 70′s was “Cairo #60709 Carter#275c” Not to make light of this tragedy, but hoping the other objects weren’t damaged? on 30 Jan 2011 at 8:56 am 34 sk Let us hope that these are fakes made to look like they had done damage. I do not believe that that would hurt artifact like this on 30 Jan 2011 at 9:58 am 35 Tamakazura I saw on the flickr page with all the photos that a gilded openwork mummy-cover from the Tomb of Yuya and Tuyu was lying on the floor with some blackish looking organic debris? Next to it. I wonder if Yuya and Tuyu were the two mummies vandalized? http://hyperallergic.com/17815/egyptian-museum-damage/ Maybe I am wrong and this cover is from elsewhere…will double check. on 30 Jan 2011 at 10:30 am 36 tamakazura Yes. That’s Tuyu’s openwork mummy cage on the floor. For a picture see page 171 of Salima Ikram’s the Mummy In Ancient Egypt. on 30 Jan 2011 at 11:07 am 37 Marsa Thank your for the update. I also identified the feet you see on the video as one of the statues of Tut’s treasures by looking at the video Here: http://www.grisel.net/images/egypt/tut_statues.jpg you can see that the statues were indeed standing next to eachother in the museum. The feet must be from the statue from a king wearing the white crown or the statue next to it, were the king wears the red crown. Maybe only the two outer statues in the same case have been destroyed… hopefully. All the statues you identified have travelled to the UK in 1972 for a loan exibition in the Britisch Museum marking the 50th anniversary of the discovery of the tomb of Tut. I have the catalogue from the exibition here, with full descriptions. The statues .. (sigh)… WERE all between 70 and 80 cm’s tall and must have been quite heavy it seems to me. I have also looked trough another book (from T.G.H. James – the great pharo’s) with pictures of all (public) artifacts from Tut’s tomb and I can’t find the boat or the dagamed wooden statues you see in the video so possibly they are not Tut’s. on 30 Jan 2011 at 11:18 am 38 Marsa Oops, pardon me, I might be very wrong guessing the statue that belongs to the pedestal with the feet you see. The two statues I mentioned are displayed in another case. http://www.richard-seaman.com/Travel/Egypt/Cairo/Museum/Tutankhamun/Statues/PairOfGildedStatues.jpg on 30 Jan 2011 at 1:26 pm 39 Ankhaf It`s a tragedy, but in reality, every artifact taken from the ground is in far greater danger from that moment on. Digging is destroying, even if destruction follows 100-200 years after the dig. It´s also naive to think that looting won`t happen in Europe or the US. It all depends on political stability. Who knows what may happen in the nearer future to our countrys and museums? Best possible documentation is called for … on 30 Jan 2011 at 1:38 pm 40 Joao Lemos Reply to KIM (14 -30 Jan 2011 at 12:54 am) >> Dear Kim, as a lover of Egyptian art since I was a child, I am, like you, terribly saddened by these images and reports, ( published here ‘eloquently’, indeed, by Margaret ). Now, it saddens me even more (much more, would you believe?) that someone, somewhere, thinks that the very pyramids could be more important than the houses of living people being looted in the night (hence, the neighbourhood patrols) or the piles of dead bodies ( Hundreds mourn the dead in Egypt – Al Jazeera -http://english.aljazeera.net/video/middleeast/2011/01/2011129171519806580.html). As for myself, I refuse to neglect the sanctity of life’s worth for the charm of beautiful fossils, as if those weren’t themselves a mark of former lives. There’s much to mourn in all this. I just hope that the pragmatical barrier of the country’s economic need to have internet awaken by Monday (or else, banks will be half-frozen) speeds a peaceful outcome. Thank you. on 30 Jan 2011 at 2:11 pm 41 Sinuhe No matter if the damage is the ‘work’ (?) of vandals, Government ‘provocateur’ agents, looters seeking riches to sell to private collectors, or Martians: It is a very sad time for Humankind. Political regimes will come and go. We individuals will come and go. But objects which tell about our History as human beings have been destroyed. Now we all are less human than before. on 30 Jan 2011 at 3:10 pm 42 JHS The pattern of destruction seems just that–a pattern, not something that would be done if economic gain was the primary motive. Then this leaves us to speculate about why would someone want to enter the museum to merely destroy. What exactly is going on? Who benefits? Contrary to Weiss’ comment, “Zahi Hawass is not someone to be attacked here for being on a nationalist agenda, he has put his whole life into the preservation and integrity of Egypt’s antiquities, and being an archeologist myself, I can understand why he treats the artifacts the way he does.” & “Hawass is THE authority on Egyptian antiquities, and I think to suggest that destruction of his life effort to PRESERVE them as being staged is ignorant and absurd.” I have to take issue with both statements: if the guiding principle in Mr. Hawass’ life is Egyptology, then why didn’t he pick up the phone and call Susanne Mubarak–with whom he did a book–and make sure the museum was covered? And last time I was there, his office was at the pyramids, not in the mess of downtown Cairo traffic. And the head of the Iraqi museum slept in the museum–I wonder where Zahi is sleeping tonight? As for his scholarship and him being THE authority, no single person can or indeed is, an authority on over 200 years of bibliolography and four millennia of culture. A more scholarly way of referencing someone’s work is simply stating, “Mr. X and Ms. Y are the recognized authorities on ancient Egyptian beer brewing for our generation.” But enough of putting showmen into context: the issue here is indeed the use of the past for current political gain. Post Baghdad, who would benefit from the ritual destruction of some select objects from this museum? on 30 Jan 2011 at 3:24 pm 43 Ameya We were at Egyptian Museum last sunday, and it is very difficult to digest the damage being witnessed. The present generation got a huge heritage accidently and the present vandalism proves that we are still animals and not developed human beings. We can only express sorrow towards the present Egypt damaging the great past. on 30 Jan 2011 at 3:28 pm 44 I.S. This is true heartbreaking However, this is expected from secret security agents who were daily terrorising Egyptian people and applying corruption all-round for everything and anything should be done under their hands. What truly gives hope is how young people are organising protecting their belongings and treasures. Hope to hear something positive from you, westerns whom your regimes are always backing this tyrant, Mubarak and his people, ex. Mr. Hawas. on 30 Jan 2011 at 3:43 pm 45 Jamie Lee We have all heard for many years what a terrible thing it was for so many Egyptian artifacts to have been removed during the latter part of the last century and put in museums in other countries around the world. The radical Muslim factions have already made it quite clear that they will destroy these so-called works left by the ancient idol worshipers when and if they get control. In retrospect, it is a blessing that so many objects are safely housed around the world and away from the crazies. It is heartbreaking to see such beauty destroyed. Thank god that at least some of our world heritage from the beginnings of civilization can remain for us to marvel over and hope to understand those that came before us. These were the people that helped us to understand what it is to be human and reach for a higher potential which we can not allow to fall by the wayside. The destruction has to stop at any cost! This carnage cannot help but deeply wound the hearts of those of us who love beauty and creativity. My friends, it is a sad day for all of us. Jamie Lee on 30 Jan 2011 at 3:51 pm 46 Rex Brynen Obviously, the loss of any Egyptian artifacts is a tragedy. Margaret has done a very useful service in trying to identify the damage. That being said, I’m a little taken aback by some of the comments on the blog, which seem to be more concerned to be more concerned with Egypt’s past than its present and future: “Let’s not forget that none of this would have happened if the protesters had stayed home instead of causing trouble.” Ahh yes, damn those Egyptians for trying to overthrow a brutal authoritarian regime that robs, imprisons, and tortures its own people. “I knew this would happen. Why they didn’t they think about protecting it? That place should tightly secured at all time. These artifacts are far more important than the conflit. ” I’m not entirely sure I would place artifacts above the future of 80 million people. “Now, maybe, people like Hawass, will understand why museums and collectors in developed countries like the USA, England, etc don’t want to return antiquities to places like Egypt! Thank goodness for the European, English, and American adventurers, scientists, and military who were able to secure ancient antiquities lest they are lost forever in the warzone that is the middle east.” Well, there’s an interesting argument for looting. Does it apply at the individual level too? If I think I can take better care of your car than you can, does that justify invading your home and taking it? (This is leaving aside the fact that through the 19th and 20th centuries, Europe was a far, far more intensive warzone than the Middle East. Remember WWII? Perhaps they should have looted us–we destroyed entire cities). I’m certainly not endorsing the destruction of cultural heritage, and precious few Egyptians would do so either. However, I think Joao said it best: “Now, it saddens me even more (much more, would you believe?) that someone, somewhere, thinks that the very pyramids could be more important than the houses of living people being looted in the night (hence, the neighbourhood patrols) or the piles of dead bodies… As for myself, I refuse to neglect the sanctity of life’s worth for the charm of beautiful fossils, as if those weren’t themselves a mark of former lives. There’s much to mourn in all this.” on 30 Jan 2011 at 3:55 pm 47 Sherif http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dBtYLBQPRGQ&feature=player_embedded See this please US / West Must support the Egyptians for their needs. Moubrak System is not accepted any more – 30 years is more than enough. Security is a must – to our families and kids. Anything not as per Egyptians aim, peoples will never forgive this to the west or US in particularly. Egyptian have many acceptable & better alternatives faces, can be acceptable to Western and those faces respect all other commitments towards US/ Others. No more military government is acceptable to the all Egyptians. on 30 Jan 2011 at 4:02 pm 48 Pamela I can’t describe how I feel with this news… But I would like every treasures of ancient Egypt were in other country well protected because it’s so disappointing to see Egyptians do not realize what they have. They just think to get money from tourism. on 30 Jan 2011 at 4:45 pm 49 Lana Hill It will be interesting to hear what the “looters” say about why they did it; we are speculating all over the place here, and we may all be totally wrong–but of course, they might lie about their own motives, or be coerced into giving false testimony… So far, we have only the video of the damage to go on. Does anyone know whether there was any social network (Twitter/Facebook) call to attack the museum? Also, although 9 looters were caught, were there more that were actually kept out by the human cordon? There’s a lot of questions in my mind right now. Was this for money? If they were “looting,” did they expect to be able to sell such well-known objects to private collectors? If they were planning on melting down gilding, why take the time to break the statues (does getting rid of the base really make the object that much lighter or more portable)? Furthermore, if it was for money, why destroy the mummies, and the wooden boat model and Nubian army? Why break the fan, but leave the gold topper (or was it taken, but left during the ensuing flight, then placed on the case for photographing?)? Or did they want some personal trophy? Was it really planned out, or completely opportunistic? Was it a real, heartfelt anger against the museum, and museum workers, since they are supported by the current government? Or were these individuals just reveling in destruction or power? Or some of all of these motives? on 30 Jan 2011 at 5:15 pm 50 Ben Theiss If the looting was real and this was what was left I wonder what is actually missing and not announced yet. I do think though that this wasn’t looters but vandals who are a bit more hard lined Muslims who don’t care about the value historically or tourist wise for their country. They see them as “apostasy” and items to be destroyed. Reminds me of the destruction of the wall carvings in Afghanistan by the Taliban. on 30 Jan 2011 at 5:27 pm 51 Lana Hill I want to know how the group of looters that entered via the skylight were related to the security/museum police involved in the crime… on 30 Jan 2011 at 5:28 pm 52 muffler Look this happens most every time there is a uprising. There are always some who see it as an opportunity to enrich themselves. It’s a shame for sure, but I think we will find it is far less then could have been expected. on 30 Jan 2011 at 5:33 pm 53 spectacular People need to let go of the past. Stop clinging on oldies and dust. This is a revolution, and it’s about the Egyptians youth, not some wood in a museum. I can hear the “white” people being so sad about wood and not caring about the 150 dead kids in Egypt!!! This is a revolution, and the Egyptians should also destroy theses pyramids that attract all the dumb fat german and chinese tourists. They’ll be better off with an egypt different than an amusement park for senior citizens. Let go. Move on. These are just objects. on 30 Jan 2011 at 5:46 pm 54 David Hart The comments by several contributors to this blog justifying the reluctance on the part of some European and American institutions to return artifacts to countries such as Egypt because of the vandalism that occurred in the wake of the recent unrest there reflects no small amount of cultural bigotry. Such views seem to be informed by the old, outmoded, and even racist notion that the US and northern European industrialized nations are inherently “civilized,” and that the destruction of art during a national crisis somehow means that Egypt is not. The instances of theft and destruction of art in the West despite our wealth and security are too numerous to list here. If the West is so civilized how do we account for the vast numbers of cultural treasures destroyed in Germany during World War II? As an art historian I was struck by the bravery of the Egyptians who made a “human chain” in front of the museum to protect their cultural heritage from even further damage. We should ask ourselves, wherever we live, if we would be able to muster such bravery to risk suffering physical harm or even death in order to protect what are essentially material objects (even if they are extraordinary rare and important ones) should civil authority be lacking. Western cultural institutions possess huge numbers of art works from beyond their current national borders. Many were obtained under the circumstances of colonial domination offensive to our contemporary moral conscience. The legal justification for the return of the small proportion of artifacts to other countries has often been based on the fact that those artifacts were obtained illegally in the first place. We should be proud of the return of cultural treasures by Western institutions to their rightful owners as examples of our ethics and justice. on 30 Jan 2011 at 5:52 pm 55 Willow Martin, a week ago I would have been right there with you. I no longer believe anything Hawass has to say on this, considering that his story has changed more often than his socks. First the Tut exhibit was completely secure. Then “they tried to get in but were unsuccessful.” Then there was “some” damage. I suppose only time will tell what damage was actually done and what may actually be missing, assuming Mr. Hawass allows that information out of Egypt, which I doubt because it makes him look bad. Just so you know, I have never liked Hawass, so this event has not changed my mind regarding him. on 30 Jan 2011 at 5:54 pm 56 Pierre-Olivier MOJON Ces destructions de notre passé historique sont terribles! Le régime de Moubarak et ses nervis ont réprimé avec violence les contestataires et n’ont pas voulu protéger les trésors du Musée national du Caire. Pourquoi? Parce que ce sont des salopards, des criminels, qui n’ont aucun respect pour rien! These destructions of our historical Past are dreadful! The government of Moubarak and his mercenaries have repressed with violence the protesters and did not wish to protect the treasures of the National Museum of Cairo. Why? Because they are bastards, criminals, who have no respect for nothing! on 30 Jan 2011 at 6:01 pm 57 Weiss In reply to JHS: You’re arguing semantics and must not know very much about the man himself or the ability of what one might do in a situation like this. YOU cannot say that he did or did not do anything any more than I can, but it can be assumed that HE is not to be blamed for the museum being breached and looted. Scholarly referencing or not, does the point not still stand that Hawass is one of the “go to” men regarding Egyptology and that he DOES have tight control over their local artifacts? Must everything be reported as if through an abstract to be credible still, if you only cease to argue the arrangement of wording? It remains true nonetheless. In reply to spectacular: You obviously have no idea what these “objects” mean. I beg you to take your extreme ignorance elsewhere. on 30 Jan 2011 at 6:03 pm 58 Weiss In reply to David: “The comments by several contributors to this blog justifying the reluctance on the part of some European and American institutions to return artifacts to countries such as Egypt because of the vandalism that occurred in the wake of the recent unrest there reflects no small amount of cultural bigotry. ” Could not have put this better. Westerners have this disgusting bias that artifacts are safer in their hands, when looting and theft from even the most prestigious museums HAS and will continue to happen. How sad that in this day and age it is still thought that areas occupied by people of non-European decent must be irresponsible and untrustworthy. on 30 Jan 2011 at 6:20 pm 59 I.S. Ben, a real Muslim should not steal and should care for his/her historical treasures. If tourists visiting the country respect this history, not being using the poor people and the money they pay for their visit would go to those people not the profiteers, then they should be respected. Lana, remember back in August, the famous Van Goghs’ painting; ‘Poppy Flowers’ was stolen and still not recovered: http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/entertainment-arts-11050207 So far, fifteen Egyptian officials, including the director of the museum and the head of the fine arts department at the Ministry of Culture are accused of this robbery. It’s well known in Egypt how police and secret security agents are totally involved in most robberies. spectacular, a revolt is not a call to destroy anything, this is the human history, it’s a call to change and to resist against suppression. on 30 Jan 2011 at 6:23 pm 60 CAIUS LUCRETIUS SULLA This criminal behaviour of looters should be severely punished. It is a pity the West lets this happen without intervening immediately with full military force to safeguard this world heritage. Troops should be sent into Egypt in full force, as soon as possible, looters should be indiscriminately shot or crucified. No remorse for those who damage Egyptian, Greek and Roman artefacts. True, the people of Egypt have the right to protest and overthrow the government, but through these actions they, or at least part of them show they do not have any understanding of, nor any respect for their heritage and their task to safeguard these artefacts and their history. Therefore Military action is needed. Fast and hard. It is a pity the Roman empire does not exist anymore, for they would have sent enough legions to restore order, without any complaints, because there would be no complainers left. C.L.SULLA MONS PALATINUS INSULA VIII, VILLA XIV ROMA on 30 Jan 2011 at 6:45 pm 61 Lana Hill I.S.–Oh yeah, I wasn’t saying it’s impossible to hide/sell artifacts on the black market. I’m just wondering whether that was the intent of the looters (since they were also breaking so many of the objects which would be more valuable intact), or whether they were after gilded bits, etc. So far I’ve only seen Wafaa el-Saddik’s comments on the robbery. I’d love a link to information on accusations. on 30 Jan 2011 at 7:10 pm 62 amiensu Reports from news and picture above is very touching, I can only say if damaged by looting it would be a loss to all mankind, then we care about these things. on 30 Jan 2011 at 7:11 pm 63 AJ Carruthers whereas I have not always agreed with some of the decisions dr. Zahi Hawass has made, I respect him and everything he has done to protect the history of his country. I do not believe he staged or allowed to be staged what happened in the Cairo museum. It would go against his love of ancient Egypt and his life’s work. The damage done to the museum is horrific, and you can see it in Hawass’ expression the anger, hate and pain that he’s feeling from these events. What has happened during these riots to the innocent bystanders of history is unforgivable. While killing those responsible won’t undo their acts it will give a sense of justice to it. Hopefully some of the damage can be restored though we have lost a great deal of Egypt’s history. on 30 Jan 2011 at 7:30 pm 64 MissGlyph I was at the Egyptian Museum on New Year’s Eve, and as an Egyptian Archaeology student, it’s deeply disappointing to hear about the break-ins and destruction at the Museum. However, I am greatly inclined to believe Wafaa el-Saddiq about the motives behind the looters, and their identities. The guards and police at the Museum, as with other sites up and down Egypt, are paid pathetic salaries that barely support them and their families. Because of this, unfortunately some of them become more or less indifferent to the monuments and treasures that they are employed to ward and protect. It wouldn’t at all surprise me if the reports of the damage being done by looters is being perpetrated by the police and guards. However, it must never be said that the Egyptians in general do not care about their antiquities and their history. They do. They really do. I have Egyptian Egyptologist friends who, alongside their friends and family, are desperately proud of their cultural heritage, as I think was demonstrated clearly by the attempts of the protestors and the army to protect the Museum from looters. They will have been watching these protests carefully with an eye to the future of Egyptology in Egypt. Remember, Zahi Hawass owes much to the Mubarak regime: at least in part, he got where he is today by favour from the regime, and the other year he was appointed (I think) Junior Vice-Minister of Culture, essentially putting him in his job for life. In some respects, he has done a good job of selling Egypt as a brand to the wider world, but this is what many Egyptologists also regard as a problem. Because of his attitude towards the archaeology and other Egyptologists, and actually quite astounding ignorance of Pharaonic history, he is deeply unpopular in the professional world, with both foreign Egyptologists, and Egyptian archaeologists who resent what they view as his stifling egomania. Everyone I know, in Egypt, in London, and through friends in Paris, agrees that he is only interested if it’s going to generate publicity and enable him to sell the brands of Egypt and Zahi Hawass. Several quite eminent archaeologists have also had their discoveries usurped by him and declared as his own discoveries, often with incorrect information! According to an Egyptian Egyptologist friend of mine, at least one well-respected archaeologist has given up trying to work in Egypt as long as he is in charge, as a sort of conscientious objector. How does he get away with it? Because Mubarak is surrounded by yes-men who tell him that Zahi Hawass is the most amazing archaeologist ever, according to my Egyptian friends. Along with my friends in Egypt, I organised a study tour to Egypt for 16 of my fellow undergraduate students, and we went after Christmas. I think a real mark of how Egyptology is regarded by the Mubarak regime is the state in which we found the Museum on New Year’s Eve: dirty, disorganised, objects either not labelled, poorly labelled, or incorrectly labelled (!), with some objects kept behind others in a very warehouse-like fashion. Those rickety glass cases would have been only too easy to smash up. And that new gift shop! I have it on good information that the proceeds from that gift shop went right into the pockets of the people who paid for it, and not one penny of it to the Museum itself. I can’t feel sorry for the fact that it was smashed up and looted, personally, especially after seeing my Egyptian friend who organised the tour feeling so embarrassed that his country’s foremost museum was in such a state. Bluntly, Hawass has a lot to lose and a pretty big stake in the Mubarak regime. It wouldn’t surprise me at all if he borrowed a trick or two from his mate Hosni and got the police to smash a few things up and desecrate a couple of mummies, and pinned it on the protestors before coming out weeping floods of crocodile tears to try and save his ass. on 30 Jan 2011 at 8:19 pm 65 Anonymous I am an Egyptologist who has known Dr. Zahi for a very long time. I will not sign my name because you will think I’m trying to curry future favors with him. One can certainly list his faults and character flaws and he would probably be the first to admit them himself. Yes, he has a healthy ego. And yes he is good at self promotion. BUT DO NOT DOUBT THAT HE LOVES EGYPT AND ITS ANTIQUITIES. He has given his life to them and has done quite a lot to improve the care and management of sites, museums and antiquities storage. Whoever even dares to suggest that he might have some role in what happened to the Cairo Museum – this is a slander beyond description and you should be ashamed of yourself. What have you done in your life to help preserve Egypt’s heritage? And while we’re talking about destruction – there will be an exhibition in Berlin about antiquities destroyed or damaged in WWII. To think that objects are safer in the west than in Egypt – really very arrogant – how much of our own heritage have we destroyed in the last 60 years? on 30 Jan 2011 at 9:09 pm 66 Caroline I find myself very grateful for your blog here, Margaret. I think the whole story of what is currently happening in Egypt is going to take a long time to fully understand, but having your assessment of the damage in the museum is invaluable. Obviously, one values human life over all things, but there is a desecration to all civilization — and that is civilized — in the destruction of Egypt’s wonders. Thank you for helping us bear witness, for all of us trying to understand the magnitude of these events. on 31 Jan 2011 at 12:36 am 67 Lana Hill In the video, there also seems to be the topper for an alabaster/calcite canopic jar (don’t know how to upload a screenshot here). It doesn’t have the nemes headdress with uraeus, so it’s not one of Tutankhamun’s. Likely guess would have to be Yuya or Thuya, though I can’t get a good enough look to confirm that. Don’t know if it was displayed separately from the body of the jar or not… on 31 Jan 2011 at 12:40 am 68 Michael C. I can only offer my sincere regrets about the damage to these rare artifacts at the museum. What do the purpetrators think? This thoughtless act will not serve to quiet the political situation in Egypt; it is a crime against all of us who respect the accomplishments of the ancients. Michael C. on 31 Jan 2011 at 1:33 am 69 Patricia B Is there footage of the looters doing this? Were any looters captured or shot? I’ve visited this museum more than once and quite recently (last year) I’m surprised anyone was able to get so far inside and do so much damage without being apprehended. There are armed police everywhere in Cairo. on 31 Jan 2011 at 5:12 am 70 Gerardo P. Taber Many horrible crimes have been committed throughout history, and many crimes are being committed at this time in the country of the Nile, now known as مصر Misr. I agree that the regime of Hosni Mubarak must end. I agree that the Egyptian people should have a better quality of life. But I totally disagree on the horrible acts of vandalism happening now in the Egyptian Museum in Cairo and all over the country. It breaks my heart to see these ancient objects thrown and broken on the floor of the museum. Unfortunately, the perpetrators of these acts have not realized that they are committing the greatest crime that can be made to any society, and worst of all, to Egyptians themselves. The vandals who did this abomination denied the opportunity to this, and future generations, to know the past of his own country. Maybe some extremists think that damaging ancient artifacts is a symbol of “liberation” but they not realize that if you don’t know about the past, you are doomed to repeat it. I think things will change, and not in good ways, after this last “Friday of Anger” -28 January 2011 – Day of infamy and loss for all the world. Gerardo P. Taber Curator of the Egyptian Room in the Museo Nacional de las Culturas México. on 31 Jan 2011 at 6:52 am 71 Keith Payne This is such a sad time and a sad situaiton. And as passionate as I am about Egypt and Egyptology, I think the greater tregedy is obviously the loss of life. Whatever faith (and/or reason) that may inform your higher nature, I think we need to hope for peace for the Egyptian people ASAP. Artifacts and heritage sites will never be truly safe so long as there is social unrest of this magnitude. As for attempting to assign blame in the middle of the chaos, my opinion is that at this point that is unproductive and needlessly inflamatory. To say that I am no fan of Zahi Hawass is to put it lightly. I have respect for the good he has done but do not think the exonorates him for the bad, which goes beyond mere egotism and showmanship. But this is not a fair time and place for that fight. This also is just my opinion, but I think that he is doing everything within his power to protect the antiquities which are his life and passion. Please keep the people of Egypt and the people working in the field there in your thoughts. These are terrible things that are heppening, but Egyptology will survive and recover. Some of the people who have suffreed violence will not. on 31 Jan 2011 at 8:04 am 72 mellady Can anyone confirm if two of the golden Tutankhamun statues are still on tour with the Tutankhamun and the Golden Age of the Pharaohs tour? Page 180 of the guide written by Hawass and published by National Geographic has their picture and page 181 their written descriptions; as the statues came in pairs, at least one half of them may be safe. Not sure where the tour is now…the website intimates they are on their way to Science Museum of Minnesota for Feb opening? Obviously any loss is a tragedy and all precautions must be taken, but I would feel a little better if we knew two of these statues remained whole. And my thoughts do go to Egypt and her people at this time. on 31 Jan 2011 at 8:51 am 73 ffoulkes hopefully the perpetrators receive the same fate due anyone who would endanger the health of the land the people the nation by destroying the dead’s anchors in this world. a large hole should be dug for them in the sand in some remote location, where they may be discovered in three or four thousand years, and, recognizable for what they were now, have their glass cases labelled properly when they are placed in a future museum — ‘unidentified tomb robber(s)’. may ma’at be restored promptly, guided by horus’ all-seeing eye. deliver them to osiris for the weighing of their hearts! ammit the devourer is eager to dispose of them… on 31 Jan 2011 at 1:57 pm 74 Patience It is truly sad to hear and see the looting that has occurred in the Museum. I hope that all the people associated with the museum are safe and allowed to do their jobs. The Egyptian people deserve a safe and decent life without a dictator (“the last Pharoah). Social unrest created by 30 years of repression obviously has repercussions – and unfortunately it comes down to the perceived worth of material culture. Some of the most exquisite remains from an Eqypt of the past have been taken for personal gain. Those actions have nothing to do with the political plight of the Egyptian people and I hope that their will can be heard and some effective form of democracy for them will come out of all of this. I cannot believe that Egyptians are not proud of their cultural heritage, they most certainly are and I believe that they will strive to protect that heritage. on 31 Jan 2011 at 2:07 pm 75 Rosemary Words cannot express what I feel in the face of such mindless destruction. Where are these vandals who, in this time of stress for all Egyptians, wilfully commit such crimes against the legacy of their incomporable past history? on 31 Jan 2011 at 4:40 pm 76 Freedom You can not throu this blame this on the anti-regime demonstrators. There are looters everywhere in the world that do not respect ancient objects!! Have in mind that these looters came in from the roof fell down and broke some of these objects! So even those stupid looters may have not planned to break them. but they are stupid. What do you expect. So don’t make this destruction as a blame on the anti-Dictator regime demonstrators. on 31 Jan 2011 at 5:13 pm 77 Cola I’m from the US but I have taken my 8 year old son to visit the museum last year because of the imortant history it contains. I couldn’t drag him away from the displays of the boat and the army. He loved them. It made me weep instatly to see these photos. Please protect these treasures! on 31 Jan 2011 at 8:11 pm 78 Theresa I like so many of you am truly saddend by the destruction I’ve just seen. This is part of Egypt’s heritage. Many things dating back as far if not farther than 4000 years!..It was very good to see the Egyptian’s stand in unity and fight for their place in history. I pray for Egypt. I pray that nothing else gets broken, or stolen. on 31 Jan 2011 at 11:28 pm 79 dyosmaraki It is sad to see the international cultural heritage being destroyed or theft. Iraq , Egypt, Iran belong to the most ancient civilizations. No one has the right to destroy or to thief their treasures. I hope that Egyptian riots will have the common sense to respect their history. on 31 Jan 2011 at 11:30 pm 80 Nicko Hey Margaret, Have you seen these pictures as well? It looks like the cane gallery of tutankhamun was hit as well: http://news.yahoo.com/nphotos/slideshow/photo//110131/481/urn_publicid_ap_org2de6eea4f06e4d0c8ee66ad72a0acbe4/#photoViewer=/110131/481/urn_publicid_ap_org65c2392eff6443958efedc0ea5095bc2 on 31 Jan 2011 at 11:45 pm 81 N I am utterly heart broken by this destruction. on 01 Feb 2011 at 12:43 pm 82 Nicko Thanks for putting up that post Margaret (about the canes). I noticed that your images are definitely circulating on the web, have you thought of putting your “seal” on them (just so you get the credit for the identifications)? By the way, AEO posted a map for Egypt and looted locations in the country [no new news in it but good for a visual for those who might be unfamiliar with the area]: http://ancientegyptonline.org/egyptnews/ on 02 Feb 2011 at 2:29 am 83 Crystal This is tragic. Such a sad thing to happen. Why weren’t there guards to protect these treasures? on 02 Feb 2011 at 3:04 am 84 Ann Well, at least Mesehti’s boat was documented by me for my PhD, Egyptian Watercraft Models from the Predynastic to Third Intermediate Periods, which is being published by BAR this year. The biggest tragedy about Mesehti’s boat is that it is the only one in existence with a cabin like this one – and now it’s smashed to bits. I was watching Al Jazeera and when the boat appeared, I burst into tears. I told my husband just last week, once again, that Mesehti’s boat is my favorite of them all – and I’ve seen them all. Criminal. I put together a before and after look – I took the photo in Cairo in 1998 but edited out the background – Here is how it will appear in the book, but b and w, although I’ll probably put a color photo of the boat on the cover now instead of the one from UPenn I was going to use: http://twitpic.com/3un9i0 on 02 Feb 2011 at 7:39 pm 85 Mark Words cannot describe how I feel about this series of ongoing tragedies. I feel nothing but outrage and revulsion. We can only hope that no further damage is done. Thank you for your work on the updates. Best regards, M on 02 Feb 2011 at 9:05 pm 86 Hans Ann, so sorry to read your message. This is heartbreaking to many of us, but anyone who has studied for a Ph.D. must be able to feel your particular pain. I am following the news just praying that the museum itself will survive the night. If it does, I sure hope that someone will start at least making detailed digital 3d scans of all the artifacts to help the restoration (or reverse engineering) if something like this ever happens again. on 03 Feb 2011 at 12:44 am 87 Jessica This is a sad state of affairs for art and artifacts right now. Your updates are much appreciated. I just found your blog unfortunately, but I have enjoyed reading the evident passion in your posts. Your London map is also excellent– a great tool I will be referencing while visiting London very soon. If you don’t mind, I’m spreading the word over at my tumblr blog with a link to your site. on 03 Feb 2011 at 3:06 am 88 Ann I don’t know if anyone has seen this, but the Greek site ehnos.gr had a photo of one of the destroyed mummies here: http://tinyurl.com/6evcqye on 03 Feb 2011 at 7:55 am 89 Johny Alex Panjaitan This is indeed a mockery to the legacy of Egypt, those robbers didn’t know what they were doing, very sad! on 03 Feb 2011 at 2:33 pm 90 Kate Phizackerley The latest photo from the Hawass blog seems to show that the vitrine upon which the fan is lying, is intact. I think this is the case you were worried had contained sticks and canes? on 03 Feb 2011 at 3:48 pm 91 Margaret Hi Kate, if you look at the photo (http://www.drhawass.com/photoblog/tut-exhibit), on the far side of the case (the side, not the top), you can see where it was smashed. It doesn’t necessarily mean that there was anything in the case at the time (in fact I wonder if the photos inside it are to indicate that the objects are currently in the travelling exhibition?), but there *are* a couple of ancient sticks/canes lying on top of the case. You can see the breakage more clearly in this photo: http://news.nationalgeographic.com/news/2011/01/pictures/110131-egyptian-museum-looted-artifacts-damaged-egypt-protests-mubarak/#/egyptian-museum-artifacts-looted-damaged-fan_31829_600x450.jpg on 04 Feb 2011 at 2:51 am 92 Agagooga Luckily Egyptian museums outside the country are safe; this is a good argument for sharing cultural heritage with the world instead of hoarding everything for political purposes on 04 Feb 2011 at 4:48 am 93 Ann Hans – Thank you for your kind words. Seriously, I was just gobsmacked and tear-streaked when I saw Mesehti’s boat – and his soldiers, too – and of course all the other damage to the poor mummy and Tutankhamun’s one-of-a-kind artifacts. It is sincerely my favorite boat due to it’s heft, through-going deck beams, and it’s strong and substantial reinforced stern structure – it is a true Egyptian National Treasure, and that agents of the government are the likely culprits in damaging it makes my blood boil. In World War II at least 5 Egyptian Watercraft Models were destroyed by bombs in Germany and England – and I have photos of 4 and a drawing of the other, so they “sort of” live on. Mesehti’s boat will be restored, but it will never be the same. on 04 Feb 2011 at 9:55 am 94 Margaret Ann, thank you very much for your comments. I can imagine how you felt seeing the Meseti boat… I am also studying Middle Kingdom models for my doctoral thesis, not Meseti’s in particular, but others at the Cairo Museum. It broke my heart to see them smashed because they are truly exceptional- there aren’t any others quite like them and they’re so spectacularly detailed. It makes me especially sad to think they were probably targeted because of their uniqueness and sheer scale. I’m really looking forward to reading your thesis though- when is it due to come out this year? on 04 Feb 2011 at 9:14 pm 95 Ann Hi Margaret – Thanks for the great blog. I read in you bio that Dr. Parkinson is one of your supervisors – he was kind enough to give me permission to use his father’s drawings of Tut’s boats in my book, and he’s been very helpful to me over the years. I’ve never met him personally, even when I was in London at UCL, but he’s been great through e-mail. I’m near the end of the image editing process – I have about 1,050 imaged and every single one needed to be re-edited (!!!!) to get to the proper ppi. Ugh! But, they look really good and I literally have 10 left. I have to re-insert the images into my already-edited text and then I’ll submit it to BAR. They usually take 3-4 months to get a title fully prepared for publication, so they’ll get on it as soon as I can get everything done. The non-profit my husband and I run has 2 grants open and we have work with that, so I can’t work on the book full-time. What models are you looking at? I’m only maritime, but if you need any help with anything watercraft-related, I’d be glad to help. I have images of all my watercraft (586, except one from an auction catalog that didn’t have an image but a distinctive description that doesn’t fit my others from Beni Hasan) and the 167 forgeries I’ve documented, if you need anything. I’ve created a new classification system based on nautical construction attributes to replace Reisner’s typology. I have 2 categories – papyrus rafts and wooden boat representations – and within those, 36 classifications. Have you seen the PhD of Karin Kroenke out of Berkeley? She finished up in Autumn 2010 and sent me a copy on CD (she used my PhD a bit in her work) – it’s titled: “The Provincial Cemeteries of Naga ed-Deir: A Comprehensive Study of Tomb Models Dating from the Late Old Kingdom to the Late Middle Kingdom.” She studied Reisner’s stuff at the Phoebe Apperson Hearst Museum extensively, as well as the Boston-Harvard Expedition. So, if you need anything, just ask! Thanks again for the great blog – invaluable at a time like this. on 04 Feb 2011 at 9:16 pm 96 Ann Sorry for the typos above – my cats are sitting on me and they get in the way sometimes and I miss a couple of things. Oops! on 04 Feb 2011 at 9:59 pm 97 Kate Phizackerley Margaret, We do now have pictures of the statues. It looks as though there are five in total. Some aren’t shown clearly and the photo isn’t high resolution, but the consensus of commerntators on my blog is that they appear to be fakes. Obviously, in due course I am sure an expert will inspect them first hand, but less worried tonight than I was last night. Kate on 05 Feb 2011 at 3:50 pm 98 Ann If you can, watch Democracy Now’s live 2-hour special on Egypt with Sharif Abdel Khouddous, their Senior Producer who is a Cairo native. It starts at 11:00 am EST: http://tinyurl.com/4h8w6zj on 06 Feb 2011 at 12:27 am 99 Kate Phizackerley You are right about the case. The image on Ahram show it clearly. See the gallery. Image 5 in the gallery is one I have not seen before. It shows no damage and may reassure a few more people that their favourite objects are safe. on 06 Feb 2011 at 3:00 pm 100 Margaret I don’t know why it didn’t occur to me before (probably due to the shock of seeing photos of the damaged objects), but if you take a look at photos of the rooms where the vandalism took place, the choice of damage looks rather selective – and it seems unlikely that the perpetrators, who supposedly knew nothing about Egyptian relics, somehow found their way straight to the Tutankhamen collection. Also, the Cairo Museum has numerous rickety old glass cases that could have easily been smashed or knocked over on the way to the Tut exhibit and back – yet they were untouched. Finally, it is interesting that the vandals chose to damage relatively minor artifacts, when they could have easily gone for the much more magnificent gold objects nearby. Unfortunately, I haven’t been able to find any updates on this story since about five days ago. I hope someone will eventually get to the bottom of it! on 13 Feb 2011 at 11:35 am 101 Francois M Le Musee du Caire etait la cible de choix des vandales et l’armee Egyptienne aurait du y deployer des troupes des le depart ; cela est une evidence et pourquoi fallait-il attendre que le musee devienne la proie des voleurs avant de prendre les mesures appropriees ? on 08 Sep 2011 at 4:49 pm 102 Kara Amundson I have recently been reading about ancient Egyptology and I stumbled across this strand. I am horrified to think of the destruction of precious artifacts but especially of mummies, as they are human remains. When I was a child of eleven I waited in winter in line many hours to see the first US exhibit of the Tutunkhamen exhibit. After eight or nine hours I was very grouchy and disinclined to be impressed, but the moment I was inside I was completely lost in awe and wonder. I have no idea if my family was with me or not; I was totally absorbed in the amazing objects and ideas all around me, and the experience never left me. As I grew older I began to understand that I had experienced not just extraordinary ancient wonders but a piece of modern history as well, when two very different nations allowed history, art, and archaeology to unify them in human terms. My heart now bleeds to think that humanity is visiting its wrath on the same ancient culture that once brought diverse people together. Are Yuya and Thuya safe? Are other mummies desacracrated? on 19 Feb 2012 at 11:08 pm 103 Octavio Sarber I was very pleased to find this web-site.I wanted to thank for your time of this wonderful read!! I definitely enjoy every little bit of it and I have you bookmarked to check out new stuff you blog post. Leave a Reply Name (required) Mail (hidden) (required) Website Recent Posts Decorative Box of Pharaoh Amenhotep II Tutankhamun in the National Museum of Scotland Hieroglyphs from the North: new Champollion correspondence on the 190th anniversary of his decipherment Pharaoh: King of Egypt, my new book On Howard Carter’s birthday: recent research on Tutankhamun and the restoration of his damaged artefacts Reports of Looting in El Hibeh The Women of Egypt and Egyptology: ancient, past, and present ‘When belongings are snatched by the deprived…’ The Pharaohs go north Ghost Music: further thoughts on the trumpets of Tutankhamun Recent Comments david caldecoat on Decorative Box of Pharaoh Amenhotep II James on Decorative Box of Pharaoh Amenhotep II Einar Jóhannesson on Why the aliens did NOT build the pyramids Eric on Why the aliens did NOT build the pyramids carrie on Why the aliens did NOT build the pyramids Photos Archives October 2013 November 2012 September 2012 May 2012 March 2012 August 2011 July 2011 May 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 November 2010 October 2010 February 2010 September 2009 January 2009 October 2008 April 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 Links AEB EEF News Egyptology Blog Egyptology News Egyptology Resources Griffith Institute Oxford Oriental Institute Oxford SSEA UCL Digital Egypt Search for: Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Twitter The Eloquent Peasant © 2014 All Rights Reserved. MistyLook made free by Webhosting Bluebook
http://blogs.aljazeera.com/blog/middle-east/live-blog-feb-2-egypt-protests
Al Jazeera Blogs News Shows In Depth Opinion Human Rights Video Blogs Live Blog Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East Sport Investigations Weather Watch Live Middle East Live blog Feb 2 - Egypt protests From our headquarters in Doha, we keep you updated on all things Egypt, with reporting from Al Jazeera staff in Cairo, Alexandria, and Suez. Last modified: 2 Feb 2011 00:31 Share From our headquarters in Doha, we keep you updated on all things Egypt, with reporting from Al Jazeera staff in Cairo, Alexandria, and Suez.  Live Blog: Jan28 - Jan29 - Jan30 - Jan31 - Feb1 - Feb2 - Feb3 The Battle for Egypt - AJE Live Stream - Timeline - Photo Gallery - AJE Tweets - AJE Audio Blogs  (All times are local in Egypt, GMT+2) 11:59pm The Live blog will now continue in a new post for February 3 - click here. 11:55 pm John McCain, US senator from Arizona, has posted a Tweet urging Mubarak to "step down and relinquish power". 11:26 pm Clashes have erupted between anti-Mubarak protesters and Mubarak supporters at Abdul Menim Riad Square, near Tahrir Square, in Cairo. 11:11pm Egypt back online - a Global Voices Author shares his story here. 11:06pm Pro-democracy protesters beating on metal barricades in unison, in celebration after driving pro-Mubarak groups back. 10:55pm Latest from Al Jazeera Web Producer in Cairo's Tahrir Square: The pro-Mubarak crowd suddenly retreated, and the pro-democracy protesters advanced a moveable wall of metal shields to a new front line much further up. A side battle erupted down a street behind the pro-Mubarak lines, with rock throwing and molotov cocktails. An armored personnel carrier opened fire into the air, shooting red tracers up over Cairo, in an apparent effort to disperse/frighten the pro-Mubarak crowd, who contracted again. The pro-democracy protesters are now advancing their line of staggered metal shields farther and farther and seem to have gained decisive momentum. 10:45pm Clashes in Tahrir Square being described as medieval. Anti-government supporters are moving makeshift metal barricades slowly forward, one by one. 10:37pm Anti-Mubarak protesters still in Tahrir Square where they are being attacked by groups believed to be supporters of Mubarak. Al Jazeera showing them holding up a sign "World says time to go Mubarak". 10:27pm Nouraddin Adbulsamad, Egyptian Minister of Antiquities, is live on Al Jazeera. He has called for Mubarak to step down, accusing him of wanting to "burn down all of Egypt". 10:18pm Breaking news on Al Jazeera now: gunshots being heard in downtown Cairo, near Tahrir Square where tens of thousands of anti-government protesters are camping out. 10:13pm Philip J. Crowley, US Assistant Secretary, denounces the violent attacks on peaceful demonstrators and journalists. After days of peaceful protests in Cairo and other cities in Egypt, today we see violent attacks on peaceful demonstrators and journalists. The United States denounces these attacks and calls on all engaged in demonstrations currently taking place in Egypt to do so peacefully. These attacks are not only dangerous to Egypt; they are a direct threat to the aspirations of the Egyptian people. The use of violence to intimidate the Egyptian people must stop. We strongly call for restraint. 10:01pm Black smoke billowing up from somewhere very close to the eastern wall of the Egyptian Museum, among pro-Mubarak crowd. 9:40pm Al Jazeera's web producer sent through this video that he took earlier in the day, when the pro-Mubarak groups first attacked the anti-government protesters that were demonstrating in Tahrir Square. 9:31pm A moment ago, Al Jazeera's web producer heard several bursts of automatic gunfire from just west of Tahrir Square. 9:26pm Robert Gibbs, president Obama's spokesman, was asked specifically about the aid policy for Egypt, around $1.3bn a year: The money isn't guaranteed, and is constantly under review.   9:19pm Neon Tommy, a web-only, Los Angeles-based news source, has interesting piece titled "Egypt's pain has been Al Jazeera's gain" While CNN, BBC, and other networks scrambled to mobilize crews to the scene, Al Jazeera English rose above the fray and provided live, around-the-clock coverage. AlJazeeraEnglish.jpg 9:01pm Homemade bombs are reportedly being dropped into Tahrir Square from surrounding buildings. Tens of of thousands anti-Mubarak protesters still downtown and many are scared to leave the relative safety of the big crowd. Until being attacked by pro-Mubarak groups this afternoon, the week-long protests have been largely peaceful. 8:47pm Ambulances finally moving into Tahrir Square from the north and from Qasr al-Nile bridge. Hundreds are said to be injured there after being attacked by pro-Mubarak groups armed with sticks, knives and rocks. Al Jazeera showing live video here: http://aje.me/ajelive 8:32pm Marc Ginsberg, a former U-S presidential adviser on Middle East policy, and the ex-ambassador to Morocco, live on Al Jazeera from Washington DC. 8:29pm Steve Coll (President, New America Foundation) and Amjad Atallah (Director, Middle East Task Force, New America Foundation) discuss the ongoing developments in Egypt, including what the opposition is demanding from the Mubarak regime, with Mustafa el-Gindy, a former independent member of the Egyptian parliament and current member of the opposition. (source) 8:20pm White House press secretary Robert Gibbs speaking live on Al Jazeera now - answering barrage of questions from journalists. To watch live click here :http://aje.me/ajelive 7:59pm Picture of camel charging at the anti-government protesters, taken earlier in the day. (See below around 4pm) 7:54pm Ambulances have not been able to reach the wounded anti-government protesters in Tahrir Square and there are possibly hundreds of people there with serious injuries. 7:41pm Al Jazeera web producer at Tahrir Square says that a crowd of about 500 pro-Mubarak people started throwing rocks over tanks near Qasr al-Nil bridge. 7:36pm Martin Indyk, a former US Ambassador to Israel, who's also worked as the assistant secretary of state for near eastern affairs and for Aipac, America's pro-Israel lobby live on Al Jazeera from New York - watch live here: http://aje.me/ajelive 7:21pm An anti-government protester tells Al Jazeera, "It's a siege mentality. The image that comes to mind is Tiananmen Square."  Seconds later, Egyptian TV begins making an announcement repeatedly:  You have to evacuate Tahrir Square immediately. We've got confirmed information that violent groups are heading toward Tahrir Square carrying firebombs and seeking to burn the Square. 7:14pm Anti-Mubarak protesters continue to accuse the ruling NDP of sending thugs to break up peaceful rallies. Pro-government demonstrators have reportedly been cursing Al Jazeera throughout the clashes, during which the AFP news agency has said some 500 people were injured. 7:05pm An Al Jazeera correspondent is hearing scattered shots being fired on side streets near Tahrir Square and says "it's a very dangerous and difficult night here as people try to protect their neighborhoods and their families". 6:58pm Ambulances are heading to Tahrir Square, as tension seems to have subsided slightly in the past few minutes. 6:50pm Egypt continues to rejected international calls for an immediate transfer of power, as pro- and anti-government supporters clash in the streets of Cairo. In addition to organising louder and bolder rallies in favor of Mubarak, pro-government demonstrators have been seen dropping stones and firebombs from buildings onto people below. 6:41pm A former general in the Egyptian intelligence services tells Al Jazeera, "I expect the army will act to remove Mubarak from power ... Mubarak is ready to burn the country". 6:37pm Cairo resident tells Al Jazeera that he witnessed police officers trying to bribe porters and security guards in his apartment building. They were asked to go and beat up anti-government protesters in Tahrir Square. 6:20pm White House issues official statement on the violence in Egypt. The United States deplores and condemns the violence that is taking place in Egypt, and we are deeply concerned about attacks on the media and peaceful demonstrators. We repeat our strong call for restraint. 6:17pm Al Jazeera's producer in Cairo is reporting that the Hilton Hotel staff are checking all the rooms for cameras and then the security is confiscating them. 6:12pm Al Jazeera reporting that the Egyptian museum was fire bombed and the army is now trying to put out the fire.  6:10pm Catherine Ashton, the European Union's High representative for Foreign Affairs, speaks on Al Jazeera live from Brussels.  6:07pm Egyptian TV says that the military is calling for citizens to arrest those who stole military cloth and hand them over. 5:47pm PJ Crowley, US Assistant Secretary of State, tweets about violence We reiterate our call for all sides in #Egypt to show restraint and avoid violence. Egypt's path to democratic change must be peaceful. 5:34pm Al Jazeera receiving photos and videos from people in Egypt. see yourmedia.aljazeera.net 5:30pm Google launches a "Crisis Response" project and have a team updating it with information from the protests in Egypt. Tools, information, resources and more available. 5:26pm David Cameron, the British prime minister, says that it would be unacceptable for the Egyptian government to be supporting violence in any way. 5:23pm Al Jazeera showing pictures of people standing on roofs of buildings and throwing stones and other large items on the anti-government protesters below. 5:15pm Mohamed ElBaradei, an Egyptian opposition figure, calls on the the army to intervene as pro-Mubarak group continues attack on group that has been protesting in Tahrir Square. Mubarak has to step down ... no one wants him in Egypt. Egyptian people regained their dignity and will not turn back.﻿ 5:11pm Female anti-government protester telling Al Jazeera that they cannot leave the square even if she wanted to - she is crying on air and sounds very scared and emotional.  5:07pm Al Jazeera's web producer in Cairo says that a number of people are being hit by rocks and anti-government demonstrators are also being targeted from buildings above. They are throwing Molotov cocktails at the anti-Mubarak protesters. The army has backed off from the Corniche - they used to have a few tanks on the beachfront road, but they have pulled out now.﻿ 4:51pm Gunshots heard live on Al Jazeera and reports of pro-Mubarak groups taking over three army vehicles. 4:36pm Ali Jomaa, the Grand Mufti of Egypt, tells all Egyptians to go home.  I greet President Mubarak who offered dialogue and responded to the demands of the people. Going against legitimacy is forbidding (Haram). This is an invitation for chaos. We support stability. What we have now is a blind chaos leading to a civil war. I call on all parents to ask their children to stay home. 4:21pm Female anti-government protester telling Al Jazeera that they cannot leave the square even if she wanted to - she is crying on air and sounds very scared and emotional. Telling Al Jazeera not to refer to the pro-government group as "demonstrators" because they are actually "violent thugs". 4:14pm Al Jazeera's web producer sends through a picture of the camel that was brought in by pro-government supporters and used to charge at the anti-government demonstrators. 4:00pm Picture being uploaded onto twitter, showing people wounded by pro-government supporters. 3:56pm Graph depicting levels of Egyptian internet traffic after the week long outage. 3:53pm The EU announces that they urge Mubarak to speed the process of government transition asap. Meanwhile the Muslim Brotherhood announces that they want Mubarak to step down now rather than September. 3:48pm Pictures of the horses being posted by journalists on twitter. (source: http://twitpic.com/3vr613) 3:27pm Al Jazeera reporting that more than 100 people have been injured in the past hour after suspected government supporters, including plain clothed policemen, entered Tahrir Square and attacked anti-Mubarak demonstrators. 3:22pm Protesters in Tahrir Square shows the Al Jazeera camera the ID cards of accused plain clothed security (police ID) who came in earlier to create chaos. 3:20pm Al Jazeera web producer in Tahrir Square says at least two camera crews (neither from Al Jazeera) being chased by mobs yelling "Al Jazeera, Al Jazeera!" 3:17pm Al Jazeera correspondents in Tahrir Square says that the pro-government mob is chanting slogans against Al Jazeera and apparently trying to find them. Reports of at least one Al-Arabiya correspondent being stabbed. 3:13pm Ahmed Moor, a demonstrator talking to Al Jazeera from the square, says: Pro-government supporters on horses and one camel entered the square and charged the anti-Mubarak protesters. Some of them were pulled off the horses, and the pro-government supporters exchanged rock throwing with the demonstrators.﻿ 2:59pm Men on horseback and camels have entered Tahrir Square - not sure who they are. The army and soldiers are not intervening as of yet.  2:49pm Reports of anti-government supporters calling on the military to intervene. Al Jazeera's correspondent says that at least 15 people have been injured, but numbers expected to be much higher.  2:41pm Jane Dutton, Al Jazeera's reporter in Cairo, said that the clashes are continuing: Hundreds of anti-government supporters were running from the square, including many women and children. 2:38pm Al Jazeera correspondent saying that many people injured in stampede that started when clashes began between pro and anti-government demonstrators. It's a very tense stand-off here - it is far from over!  2:30pm Al Jazeera showing live pictures of clashes in Tahrir Square between pro and anti-government demonstrators. Watch live here - http://aje.me/ajelive 2:10pm Some 10,000 pro-Mubarak demonstrators gathered in central Cairo, one of our web producers reports. 2:05pm The latest audio update from one of our web producers in Cairo:  2:00pm An open letter from 18 faculty members at Northwestern University in Qatar appealed to "Arab governments to remove barriers to free expression". Over the last few weeks throughout the Arab World, hundreds of thousands of people of all social backgrounds have felt a surge of freedom to express themselves to one another out in the open, a fundamental human impulse. They are neighbors gathering in cities, bloggers and tweeters getting word to one another, and journalists covering what matters ... We at Northwestern University in Qatar are a small part of the whole world that is watching, and we appeal to Arab governments to remove barriers to free expression. Let your people speak. 13:14pm Swedish Foreign Minister Carl Bildt welcomed Egyptian President Mubarak's pledge late Tuesday to stand down in September, calling for "free and fair elections". "The Mubarak era in Egyptian politics is over," Bildt wrote in a statement. 12:55pm  The latest audio update from one of our web producers in Cairo: 12: 33pm Abdel Monem Abu El Fatouh, a senior leader of the Muslim Brotherhood talking to Al Jazeera: We support the continuation of protest until Mubarak steps down. No talks with vice president Suleiman until Mubarak steps down. 12:20pm Egyptian state TV: curfew hours are shortened. Will now start at 5pm until 7am.  12:10pm It seems Internet is coming back in Egypt but social media sites are still blocked. 12:05pm Time: Top 10 Autocrats in Trouble  11:55am Egypt's army says Egyptians have delivered their message, their demands have been heard and it is time for them to help Egypt return to normal life.  The army forces are calling on you ... You began by going out to express your demands and you are the ones capable of restoring normal life. The army has previously issued statements saying it would not use violence against protesters and saying it understood the "legitimate demands" of the people. 11:40am The latest audio update from one of our web producers in Cairo:   11:13am Although SMS messaging is still patchy, mass circulation messages are getting through.   10:20am The Egyptian finance minister, Samir Radwan; says the government is "open to discussion with all shades of political opinions" (via BBC Radio). That much I can assure you, and the vice president said to all shades of political opinion, and he didn't say parties or legitimate parties, he said all shades of political opinion. 10:01am The uprisings in Tunisia and Egypt seem to ripple through the region, as Yemen's president Ali Abdullah Saleh, facing demands that he resign, says he will freeze constitutional amendments that could see him re-elected for another term. He also vows not to pass his office over to his son. 9:41am Andrew Lee Butters (Time) - Egypt's Crisis: What the US Can Learn About People Power 9:25am Turkey's prime minister Tayyip Erdogan says Egyptian president Hosni Mubarak should take a different step, a day after the Egyptian leader announced he would surrender power in September. Erdogan, whose country has seen its influence rise in recent years in the Middle East, was speaking during a visit to Kyrgyzstan. Yestrday he told Mubarak to heed his people's desire for change in the face of massive protests against his 30-year rule. 8:50am Robert Fisk: Secular and devout. Rich and poor. They marched together with one goal. It was a victory parade – without the victory. 8:15am As the sun rises over Cairo protesters in Tahrir Square begin preparations for another day of demonstrations against President Mubarak's regime. The army with tanks and APCs, are still deployed throughout different positions in and around the square. President Hosni Mubarak announced last night that he would not run for a new term in September elections but rejected the protester's demands that he step down immediately and leave the country. 8:00am A crowd of thousands on Tahrir square rushed to speakers and projection television screens last night to listen to their president address the unrest that has swept over the nation in the past eight days. They weren't happy with what they heard and told an Al Jazeera web producer they would remain in the square until Mubarak leaves.     7:45am Powerful footage of the uprising:     7:35am Google improves its speak2tweet technology for the people in Egypt.7:24am According to Trendsmap.com, #Egypt was one of the most popular worldwide search terms on Twitter yesterday.     7:15am Shots were heard and the military moved in, as clashes broke out in Egypt's second city of Alexandria last night:   6:31am Tweet by Jeremy Scahill, the author Blackwater: The Rise of the World's Most Powerful Mercenary Army: Private Security Firms are in Egypt evacuating businessmen. Among them: Control Risks, International SOS & Diligence 6:20am Abdelhalim Kandil, leader of Egypt's Kifaya (Enough) opposition movement, says that President Mubarak's offer not to serve a sixth term as Head of State was not enough. "Mubarak today was encouraged by meeting US envoy Frank Wisner because the Americans want him to stay on for this length of time so he can arrange things before he leaves. 5:25am A demonstrator holds a placard depicting Mubarak as Hitler at the protests at Tharir Square in Cairo.      4:25am They say pictures are worth a thousand words. Here is why. Check out this sensational photo gallery of the protests across Egypt in the New York Times 3:15am  Reports filter in that pro-Mubarak protests were broadcast over Egyptian state television over night. The protesters described the Egyptian president as a hero and accused those expressing anti-government views as irresponsible.  3:10am A blog post circulating on twitter, and the blogosphere titled: "A Guide: How not to say stupid stuff about Egypt" attempts to demystify some of the stereotypes about Egypt as protests continue to make international headlines. One of the more vociferous arguments in the text is outright rejection that the ongoing protests may be dubbed "The Twitter revolution".   No, this is the Revolution of the Egyptian people. Egyptians resisted for decades. They were tortured, jailed and repressed by the Mubarak and Sadat regimes. Twitter and Facebook are tools. 2:30am Al Jazeera correspondent sends in a video showing scenes from Tahrir Square following Mubarak's address on State Television. 1:45am US President Barack Obama in a speech at the White House praised the Egyptian military for their patriotism and for allowing peaceful demonstrations. He said that only the Egyptian people can determine their leaders. 1:32am The Los Angeles Times reports that the Boston entrepreneur Hadid Habbab has called for volunteers to help find his missing friend, Google executive Wael Ghonim, who went missing during the protests of the past week. It is understood that Ghonim was in Cairo for a conference, and inspired by the events around him, took part in the protests, until he disappeared on Thursday.﻿ We are asking for people to take the old-school approach and walk around and ask about him. 12:35am Al Jazeera's Marwan Bishara comments on the mass public revolt in Egypt. Bishara says that only a miracle could save Mubarak. Important is WHAT replaces Mubarak the regime, not WHO will replace Mubarak the person. Replacing Mubarak the person but maintaining Mubarak's regime would be meaningless,  as any new figure-leader will continue to answer to the same bankrupt power structure, not to the people. 12:23am Clashes between anti-government and pro-Mubarak protesters in Alexandria. Shots are fired in the air.  12:15am Al Jazeera correspondent in the midst of Tahrir Square in Cairo, says that protesters are furious after Mubarak's "audacious" speech. He adds that the protesters are insisting that the army remove Mubarak from power.  Where is the Egyptian army? Where is the Egyptian army? Share Bloggers in Middle East Iraq and the 'Saudi question' Imran Khan War and the US –what you don’t see can't hurt Patty Culhane Gaza journal John Hendren Thank you for supporting #FREEAJSTAFF Osama Saeed Al Jazeera Watch Live Video Podcasts RSS Mobile Follow on Twitter News Africa Americas Asia-Pacific Central & South Asia Europe Middle East Sport In Depth Opinion Features Spotlight In Pictures Blogs Interactive Shows The Stream Witness Inside Story Inside Story Americas Listening Post People & Power Fault Lines Artscape The Frost Interview 101 East Counting the Cost Talk to Al Jazeera Empire The Café Al Jazeera World South2North Inside Syria Live On Demand Podcasts Mobile Broadcast Schedule Hotel/Partners Weather Search About Us Licensing footage Press Office Work for us Al Jazeera America Al Jazeera Turk AJ Center for Studies AJ Balkans Investigations Community Rules Terms & Conditions
http://thelede.blogs.nytimes.com/2011/01/29/latest-updates-on-protests-in-egypt-2/
Help Home Page Today's Paper Video Most Popular Please Log In PLEASE LOG IN Log in to manage your products and services from The New York Times and the International New York Times. Don't have an account yet? Create an account » Subscribed through iTunes and need an NYTimes.com account? Learn more » Email or Member ID Password Forgot Password? Remember Me Log In Contact Us NYTimes.com » Home Delivery » © 2014 The New York Times Company Site Map Privacy Your Ad Choices Advertise Terms of Sale Terms of Service Work With Us RSS Help Contact Us Site Feedback
http://art-for-a-change.com/blog/2011/02/the-looting-of-the-egyptian-museum.html
 Entries Home About The Looting of the Egyptian Museum In this screen shot from AlJazeera news, a soldier surveys the damage at the Egyptian Museum. Readers of this web log are no doubt aware of events in Egypt, where the people are in open revolt against the U.S.-backed dictator, Hosni Mubarak. The people have but one clear demand, the ousting of Mubarak and the sweeping away of his entire government. Apart from a few comments, I will mostly leave the political philosophizing and theoretical analysis regarding the situation to others, except to say that I fully support the struggle for democracy currently being waged by the Egyptian people. I salute them for their bravery and their determination to transform their society. U.S. media has generally referred to events in Egypt as a “crisis,” which is far from the truth. What is unfolding is a popular democratic revolution carried out by the Egyptian people. It is only Mubarak and his backers in the White House who face a “crisis”. Looted display case at the Egyptian Museum. Screenshot from AlJazeera. As the 30-year old tyrannical regime of Mubarak begins to crumble under popular pressure, chaos reigns on the streets. During the massive protests and fierce police repression of January 28, the downtown Cairo headquarters of Mubarak’s hated political party was torched by furious demonstrators. The neighboring Egyptian Museum seemed in danger from the flames, but more importantly, people wisely thought it might come under attack by opportunistic bandits - and so rushed to defend the institution which houses the treasures of King Tutankhamen as well as the nation’s largest collection of Pharaonic artifacts. As it turned out, nine men did succeed in breaking into the museum by entering through the rooftop. They shattered museum display cases, threw the contents to the ground, and ripped the heads off of two mummies (Correction: the report of beheaded mummies was revealed to be an ugly rumor since proven wholly inaccurate. It turned out to be one of those “sensationalist lies” mentioned in the next paragraph). Pro-Democracy demonstrators rushed to protect the Egyptian Museum; they are pictured here guarding the museum entry gate in a still from a video by Euronews. The mainstream press has published sensationalist and outlandish lies concerning the looting of the Egyptian Museum. News headlines like “Egyptian protestors ransack Cairo museum,” “Protestors Loot Museum In Cairo,” and “Protestors Destroy Priceless Mummies at Egypt Museum,” are but a few examples of the types of fabrications found in newspapers hostile to the Egyptian people’s fight for democracy. Protestors had nothing to do with the attempted pillaging of the museum; in fact opponents of the Mubarak regime - students, workers, artists, and residents of the neighborhood in which the museum is located, came together to surround the museum with a protective human shield. The Euronews website posted video footage showing people gathered at the museum gates with the intention of safeguarding the institution from looters. Individual members of the human shield pledged before news reporters that they would not cease guarding the museum until the army came to secure the grounds. The mass of people shown protecting the Egyptian Museum in the video are clearly anti-Mubarak demonstrators; they are chanting slogans and waving the Egyptian flag, one even shows off a police riot shield undoubtedly obtained earlier in the day while clashing with the dreaded security forces. MSNBC science editor Alan Boyle confirmed that anti-Mubarak demonstrators protected the museum from looters in his MSNBC article, Were Tut’s treasures damaged? Boyle wrote; “(….) young men, some armed with truncheons taken from the police, formed a protective human chain outside the museum’s main gates. ‘I’m standing here to defend and to protect our national treasure,’ one of the men, a 40-year-old engineer named Farid Saad, told AP. AP quoted 26-year-old Ahmed Ibrahim as saying that it was important to guard the museum because it has ‘5,000 years of our history. If they steal it, we’ll never find it again.’” Protecting the Egyptian Museum. Photo courtesy of AFP As the vandals who broke into the museum attempted to exit the building with their loot, they were apprehended by the protestors involved in the human shield as well as by members of the tourism police - a special branch of the police that guard buildings and areas frequented by foreign tourists. The thieves were turned over to the armed forces. Zahi Hawass, who is recognizable to Westerners because of his role as Egypt’s top archaeologist and the Secretary General of Egypt’s Supreme Council of Antiquities, has filed an interesting report with National Geographic concerning the looting of the Egyptian Museum. Because the criminal Mubarak regime has cut off the internet, making e-mail communications impossible, Mr. Hawass had to file his report by fax to colleagues in Italy, who then uploaded the statement to Hawass’s London website. Hawass acknowledged that young Egyptians protected the museum and helped to apprehend the bandits, he wrote in part: “What is really beautiful is that not all Egyptians were involved in the looting of the museum. A very small number of people tried to break, steal and rob. Sadly, one criminal voice is louder than one hundred voices of peace. The Egyptian people are calling for freedom, not destruction. When I left the museum on Saturday, I was met outside by many Egyptians, who asked if the museum was safe and what they could do to help (….) Many young Egyptians are in the streets trying to stop the criminals. Due to the circumstances, this behavior is not surprising; criminals and people without a conscience will rob their own country. If the lights went off in New York City, or London, even if only for an hour, criminal behavior will occur. I am very proud that Egyptians want to stop these criminals to protect Egypt and its heritage.” But who exactly were the men who broke into the Egyptian Museum? They were certainly not anti-Mubarak demonstrators. Perhaps the British journalist Robert Fisk can provide some insight into their true identity, he is currently reporting from Cairo. In his Jan. 29 report for The Independent, A people defies its dictator, and a nation’s future is in the balance, he wrote about the “battagi,” Mubarak’s vicious plainclothes police force. Battagi means “thug” in Arabic, and Fisk observed swarms of battagi at protests “who beat, bashed, and assaulted demonstrators while the cops watched and did nothing.” Fisk witnessed battagi - armed with steel rods, sharpened sticks, and police truncheons - collaborating with Mubarak’s uniformed security forces. Fisk characterized the battagi as corrupt hooligans, “these men, many of them ex-policemen who are drug addicts, were last night the front line of the Egyptian state - the true representatives of Hosni Mubarak, as uniformed cops showered gas on to the crowds.” In his Jan. 30 report for The Independent, Egypt: Death throes of a dictatorship, Fisk wrote: “there are growing suspicions that much of the looting and arson was carried out by plainclothes cops – including the murder of 11 men in a rural village in the past 24 hours – in an attempt to destroy the integrity of the protesters campaigning to throw Mubarak out of power.” Fisk went on to mention the vandalism at the Egyptian Museum, “Again, it must be added that there were rumours before the discovery that police caused this vandalism before they fled the museum on Friday night.” The Hindu newspaper also reported that “officers from the much despised police force” were held responsible by many Egyptians for the looting of the museum and other buildings. In addition, National Geographic published an open letter from Ismail Serageldin, the director of the magnificent Bibliotheca Alexandrina, a leading Egyptian library and cultural center located on the Mediterranean coastal city of Alexandria. In that letter titled “To our friends around the world: The Events in Egypt, Mr. Serageldin noted that “lawless bands of thugs, and maybe agents provocateurs,” where responsible for looting, while Egypt’s pro-democracy demonstrators helped to protect the nation’s important cultural institutions. Serageldin’s message was published on the home page of the Bibliotheca Alexandrina website, and I am reprinting his dispatch in full: To our friends around the world: The Events in Egypt 30 Jan 2011 The world has witnessed an unprecedented popular action in the streets of Egypt. Led by Egypt’s youth, with their justified demands for more freedom, more democracy, lower prices for necessities and more employment opportunities. These youths demanded immediate and far-reaching changes. This was met by violent conflicts with the police, who were routed. The army was called in and was welcomed by the demonstrators, but initially their presence was more symbolic than active. Events deteriorated as lawless bands of thugs, and maybe agents provocateurs, appeared and looting began. The young people organized themselves into groups that directed traffic, protected neighborhoods and guarded public buildings of value such as the Egyptian Museum and the Library of Alexandria. They are collaborating with the army. This makeshift arrangement is in place until full public order returns. The library is safe thanks to Egypt’s youth, whether they be the staff of the Library or the representatives of the demonstrators, who are joining us in guarding the building from potential vandals and looters. I am there daily within the bounds of the curfew hours. However, the Library will be closed to the public for the next few days until the curfew is lifted and events unfold towards an end to the lawlessness and a move towards the resolution of the political issues that triggered the demonstrations. Ismail Serageldin Librarian of Alexandria Director of the Bibliotheca Alexandrina U.S. Vice President, Joe Biden, was interviewed on the PBS NewsHour on January 27, 2011, where he gave the clearest indication yet of the Obama administration’s view of the uprising against the Mubarak regime. Biden questioned the legitimacy of the uprising while emphasizing Mubarak was not a dictator and should not be forced to resign. Biden urged protesters and government forces to remain non-violent, an absurd appeal since the Obama administration supplies the Mubarak regime with $1.5 billion in military aid a year; machine guns, armored personnel carriers, tanks, helicopters, and fighter jets, much of which are now being deployed against the pro-democracy movement. Anti-Mubarak demonstrators in the streets of Cairo display empty tear-gas canisters clearly labeled, "Made in the U.S.A." Anonymous photo courtesy of imgur.com On January 28, 2011, WikiLeaks released secret cables sent in 2009 from the U.S. embassy in Cairo to the U.S. State Department in Washington, D.C. The communiqués stated that police brutality in Egypt was “routine and pervasive” and that torture was so widespread the authorities no longer denied it. One cable said, “NGO contacts estimate there are literally hundreds of torture incidents every day in Cairo police stations alone.” Other secret cables sent to Washington in the past two years revealed that Obama wanted to maintain a close political and military relationship with Mubarak. The same day that WikiLeaks released these damning cables, Obama made a statement to the press that his administration recognizes “the people of Egypt have rights that are universal.” Such appalling deceit! This past week pro-democracy demonstrators in the cities of Cairo, Alexandria, and Suez posed for photographers with empty tear-gas canisters that had been fired at them by police, all of the shells plainly marked, “Made in the U.S.A.” How Egyptians must appreciate Obama’s concern for their universal rights! Egyptian pro-democracy protestor at the Westwood Federal Building in Los Angeles, Jan. 29, 2011. Photograph by Mark Vallen. © On January 29, thousands of Americans and Egyptian expatriates living in the U.S., held rallies in New York City, Washington D.C., Chicago, Los Angeles, San Francisco, Seattle, and other cities to show solidarity with the uprising in Egypt. Demonstrators called upon the Obama administration to cut off all military aid to Mubarak. I joined the L.A. protest at the Federal Building in Westwood along with around 500 others, most of which were Egyptian-Americans or Egyptians living in exile. My participation in the demonstration was based on my conviction that the historic uprising represents the promise of an actualized global democracy struggled for and won by the world’s people. The White House tells the U.S. citizenry that it is a time of austerity, that government spending on vital social programs must be cut or eliminated, all the while lavishing billions of dollars upon the potentate Mubarak. Enough is enough. The Mubarak dictatorship has shut down the Al Jazeera bureau in Egypt while simultaneously deploying extra army troops and equipment into big cities; it appears that a full scale military repression may soon be in the offing. On January 30, the Egyptian air force attempted to intimidate protestors by flying multiple passes of their U.S.-supplied fighter jets and helicopters over Tahrir Square in Cairo where tens of thousands of Egyptians have been gathering in their demonstrations against Mubarak. That same day the White House issued a statement calling for  “an orderly transition to a government that is responsive to the aspirations of the Egyptian people.” What is actually called for is the immediate suspension of all  U.S. military aid to Egypt and a declaration that the despot and his hated cronies resign without delay. UPDATES - 2/2/1011: Human Rights Watch emergency director Peter Bouckaert is currently in Egypt. He has reported that several captured looters caught breaking into the Egyptian Museum possessed official police ID cards. The Egyptian Museum faces further damage. On February 2, thousands of armed pro-Mubarak vigilantes attacked the pro-democracy demonstrators at Tahrir Square, the heart of the Egyptian people’s uprising; the museum sits adjacent to the square. Riding horses and camels the vigilantes assaulted anti-government protestors with whips, iron bars, swords, knives, baseball bats, chains, and other dangerous weapons. At the time of this writing, three demonstrators have been killed and an estimated 1,500 injured. There is little doubt the loyalists are backed and organized by the Mubarak regime, several of the thugs captured by pro-democracy forces were carrying official police ID. Al Jazeera and The Guardian both reported that fighting has intensified around the Egyptian Museum. The day before the regime’s orchestrated day of violence, Zahi Hawass, the Secretary General of Egypt’s Supreme Council of Antiquities, disgraced himself by accepting a position in Mubarak’s government. The New York Times reported that Hawass accepted the post of Minister of Antiquities, a special cabinet position especially created for him by the dictator. Hawass dishonored himself further by saying Mubarak had responded to the people’s demands, and that the people “should give us the opportunity to change things, and if nothing happens they can march again. But you can’t bring in a new president now, in this time. We need Mubarak to stay and make the transition.” Apparently the beginning of that “transition” was made today with the whips, iron bars, and swords of the goons under Mubarak’s control. Shame on Mr. Hawass. The perfidious behavior of Zahi Hawass was offset by that of Nouraddin Adbulsamad, the Egyptian Minister of Antiquities. Mr. Adbulsamad was interviewed live on Al Jazeera as the attacks on Tahrir Square were underway. Adbulsamad said the army withdrew from guarding the Egyptian Museum, allowing pro-Mubarak thugs onto the grounds, from there the vigilantes threw rocks and firebombs at the pro-democracy demonstrators in Tahrir Square. Mr. Adbulsamad said the hooligans appeared on the rooftop of the museum, but also seized the rooftops of other buildings from where they hurled Molotov Cocktails at anti-Mubarak protestors. At the time of this post two of these firebombs had landed on the grounds of the Egyptian Museum, setting a tree on fire. Mr. Adbulsamad called for Mubarak to step down immediately, saying, “Why is the international community silent? (….) “The international community must not just say something - they must do something!” (….) “Mubarak must go, he is a liar, nobody believes a liar” (….) Yes, he must step down, he must leave, this is the first and last solution.” In his emotional interview Mr. Adbulsamad equated Mubarak to the Roman Emperor Nero (54-68 A.D.), who infamously watched Rome burn for nine days. Though he probably had the fires started himself, Nero publicly blamed the Christians, who he then savagely persecuted. Mr. Abdulsamad said Mubarak’s attitude is, “if I don’t stay, I’ll burn down all of Egypt.” Though Mr. Adbulsamad is a government minister, he had the bravery to tell the truth about Hosni Mubarak. Filed in: Museums | Mark Vallen | February 1, 2011 Comments are closed. ← Art for Haiti: Benefit Exhibit My Tribute to Ronald Reagan → Web log author, Mark Vallen © Visit: www.markvallen.com [ Click here for a subscription to this blog's newsletter, or to send me an e-mail. ] Categories Select Category Academic art African American America Tropical Art Activism Art of Punk Art of War Artists and the Afghan war Artists and the Iraq war BP Grand Entrance Broad Contemp. Art Museum Chicanarte-Chicano art Diego Rivera Eli Broad Feminist art Fernando Botero General German Expressionism Hollywood Dream Machine Indigenous LACMA Mexican Muralism Michael Govan Modernism Museums Obama’s Arts Policy Obituaries Olvera Street Photomontage Postmodernism-Remodernism Prints - Posters Psychedelic Art Public art Radical Cinema Realism Siqueiros Situationist International Social Realism Surrealism Totalitarian Postmodern WPA era murals Xmas Year in review Archives Select Month June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 Search for: Vallen's prints are available in the gift shop of the Pasadena Museum of California Art www.pmcaonline.org Purchase Vallen's Poster "NO HUMAN BEING IS ILLEGAL" Bilingual Offset Poster 19" x 22" inches - $5.00. First published in 1988, republished Aug. 2010. Click here to buy the poster!   Vallen's work included in the exhibit catalog: Under the Big Black Sun: California Art 1974 - 1981 MOCA's comprehensive survey of California artists during an extraordinary period of American history Hardcover catalog book includes numerous essays and full color illustrations. Click here to purchase the exhibit catalog Vallen's 1980 Mohawk appears as cover art for re-release of classic punk rock recording: U.X.A. Come Back To Haunt You Originally released in 1980 as "Illusions Of Grandeur" From Posh Boy Music. Listen to and purchase at Amazon.com or iTunes. Recent Posts BP’s Oily 25th Anniversary “Murder in Mississippi” Condolezza Rice Portrait Unveiled New Art at LACMA: BP Drones The Agony of Ukraine Who was Tomata du Plenty? A National Historic Landmark? Police State Shadow Gallery www.markvallen.com www.HelfenFineArts.com The paintings of Irving Norman The Prints & paintings of Art Hazelwood The Stuckists/Remodernists The art of Estaño; aka Philip Stein "Hey, Hey, LBJ..." President Lyndon Baines Johnson in Poster Art: 1962 - 1968. An Illustrated essay on U.S. protest posters from the 1960s critical of Johnson & the Vietnam War. Written by artist, Mark Vallen. Published Dec. 1, 2009, on the occasion of President Obama deploying 30,000 combat troops to Afghanistan. Click here to view "Hey, Hey, LBJ..." My artworks have been published in the following 4 books available from Amazon.com &lt;map name=&quot;boxmap-p8&quot;&gt;&lt;area shape=&quot;RECT&quot; coords=&quot;14, 200, 103, 207&quot; href=&quot;http://rcm.amazon.com/e/cm/privacy-policy.html?o=1&quot; &gt;&lt;area coords=&quot;0,0,10000,10000&quot; href=&quot;http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/redirect-home/theblackmoon-20&quot; &gt;&lt;/map&gt;&lt;img src=&quot;http://rcm-images.amazon.com/images/G/01/rcm/120x240.gif&quot; width=&quot;120&quot; height=&quot;240&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; usemap=&quot;#boxmap-p8&quot; alt=&quot;Shop at Amazon.com&quot;&gt; &lt;map name=&quot;boxmap-p8&quot;&gt;&lt;area shape=&quot;RECT&quot; coords=&quot;14, 200, 103, 207&quot; href=&quot;http://rcm.amazon.com/e/cm/privacy-policy.html?o=1&quot; &gt;&lt;area coords=&quot;0,0,10000,10000&quot; href=&quot;http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/redirect-home/theblackmoon-20&quot; &gt;&lt;/map&gt;&lt;img src=&quot;http://rcm-images.amazon.com/images/G/01/rcm/120x240.gif&quot; width=&quot;120&quot; height=&quot;240&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; usemap=&quot;#boxmap-p8&quot; alt=&quot;Shop at Amazon.com&quot;&gt; &lt;map name=&quot;boxmap-p8&quot;&gt;&lt;area shape=&quot;RECT&quot; coords=&quot;14, 200, 103, 207&quot; href=&quot;http://rcm.amazon.com/e/cm/privacy-policy.html?o=1&quot; &gt;&lt;area coords=&quot;0,0,10000,10000&quot; href=&quot;http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/redirect-home/theblackmoon-20&quot; &gt;&lt;/map&gt;&lt;img src=&quot;http://rcm-images.amazon.com/images/G/01/rcm/120x240.gif&quot; width=&quot;120&quot; height=&quot;240&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; usemap=&quot;#boxmap-p8&quot; alt=&quot;Shop at Amazon.com&quot;&gt; Full color catalog book for the traveling exhibition of antiwar posters. Featuring works by Mark Vallen and over 120 other artists. Foreword by Punk art legend, Winston Smith. [ Click here to purchase ] My artworks have been published as cover illustrations for the following books available from Amazon.com Click flag to translate page copyright Mark Vallen
