http://www.nytimes.com/2011/02/02/nyregion/02budget.html?pagewanted=all
Help Home Page Today's Paper Video Most Popular Please Log In PLEASE LOG IN Log in to manage your products and services from The New York Times and the International New York Times. Don't have an account yet? Create an account » Subscribed through iTunes and need an NYTimes.com account? Learn more » Email or Member ID Password Forgot Password? Remember Me Log In Contact Us NYTimes.com » Home Delivery » © 2014 The New York Times Company Site Map Privacy Your Ad Choices Advertise Terms of Sale Terms of Service Work With Us RSS Help Contact Us Site Feedback
http://money.cnn.com/2011/02/07/news/economy/New_York_schools_cuomo_budget/
Homepage U.S. International Log In Log Out CNNMoney Video Portfolio Home Business Markets Investing Economy Tech Personal Finance Small Business Luxury Media Twitter Facebook States in crisis Cuomo's budget hits New York schools By Tami Luhby, senior writer February 7, 2011: 9:24 AM ET NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- Toddlers in Yonkers, N.Y., may no longer be able to attend pre-K. Schools in Syracuse would only be cleaned every other day. And Oxford schools could lose 10% of their teachers. Those are just a few of the steps New York superintendents say they'll likely have to take if Gov. Andrew Cuomo's proposed $1.5 billion cut in state aid to schools makes it through the legislature. Email Print Facing a $10 billion deficit, Cuomo Tuesday unveiled a draconian budget that would slash $8.9 billion in spending for the upcoming year. The proposal, which amounts to a 7.3% reduction in school aid, comes on the heels of a $1.1 billion cut for the current year. Making matters worse, school districts are seeing most of their federal stimulus money -- which pumped $1.3 billion into the schools last year -- dry up. "This is worse than we expected," said Timothy Kremer, executive director of the New York State School Boards Association. "It's going to be very painful to go through this process." In his budget address, Cuomo suggested schools could handle the cut if they tapped into their $1.2 billion in reserves and froze wages. Bracing for drastic cuts School districts will have to make widespread reductions if Cuomo's budget stands, said Robert Lowery, deputy director of the New York State Council of School Superintendents. Class sizes will rise. The number of elective courses will fall. Sports teams will disappear. "Anything that's discretionary is at risk," Lowery said. Yonkers, for instance, is looking at dismantling its pre-kindergarten program, which provides more than 1,630 tots with early reading and math skills. "It's a real equalizer in an urban setting," said Bernard Pierorazio, the superintendent in Yonkers, where 74% of the 25,600 children are on free or reduced lunches. Pierorazio is wrestling with a $64.5 million deficit for the 2011-12 school year, caused in part by a loss of $25 million in stimulus money and a nearly $21.6 million increase in health care and pension costs, as well as raises. The district, which lies just north of New York City, would lose $17.5 million in state aid, under Cuomo's budget. Governor Cuomo wants to slash funds for schools, Medicaid Oxford Academy and Central Schools is only a fraction of the size, but has similar problems. The upstate, rural district is facing a loss of 6.2% of its state aid, or $630,000, on top of a $340,000 cut for the current year. The district has already had to shed eight teachers, or 8% of its staff, in three years because of budget cuts. That's made it tougher to offer extra reading help for younger students. Teachers used to provide tutoring three times a week to one or two students at a time. Now, they work with five or six children and only twice a week. The coming budget cuts could reduce this assistance even more. The 850-student district could be forced to eliminate another 12 positions, including nine teachers. "We're going to be struggling to meet the needs of our struggling kids," said Oxford Superintendent Randall Squier, who added the job of elementary school principal last year for no additional pay. 0:00 / 2:49 City cuts budget, lays off cops Older students will feel the pain, as well. The district will likely have to eliminate some of its 24 university-level classes for high schoolers, as well as some sports teams and clubs. Teachers aren't the only school employees who could lose their jobs, superintendents say. In Syracuse, district officials are looking at shedding 525 employees, or 15% of the workforce, to cope with a $16.3 million reduction in state aid. "It's the deepest I've ever seen," said Daniel Lowengard, superintendent in Syracuse, which educates 21,000 students, 77% of whom live in poverty. The district may have to let go of 40 of its 200 custodians. As a result, the upstate New York district's 32 school buildings would be cleaned only every other day, except for the cafeterias and nurses' offices. And repairs would take longer to make. Some districts are turning to their communities to appeal for help, said Rick Timbs, executive director of the Statewide School Finance Consortium, which represents 270 upstate districts. Timbs is urging districts to hold more community meetings to inform residents of their district's financial troubles -- especially since nearly all districts vote on their school budget and on any proposed property tax increase -- and ask them to lobby Albany to distribute more funds to less wealthy areas. School officials also want to let families know what impact the budget cuts will have on them. For instance, districts may have to shorten the school day or reduce the number of bus stops. "Parents are going to be in for a real shock," said Timbs.  Print Email California Gov. Jerry Brown pushes tax hikes Snow blows city budgets Governors put state jobs on the chopping block Right Now Smart people buy generic brands Russians pay higher price for isolation 8 rights of pregnant women at work Hot List Frontline troops push for solar energy The U.S. Marines are testing renewable energy technologies like solar to reduce costs and casualties associated with fossil fuels.  Play 25 Best Places to find rich singles Looking for Mr. or Ms. Moneybags? Hunt down the perfect mate in these wealthy cities, which are brimming with unattached professionals.  More Fun festivals: Twins to mustard to pirates! You'll see double in Twinsburg, Ohio, and Ketchup lovers should beware in Middleton, WI. Here's some of the best and strangest town festivals.  Play Job Search See 232,273 new jobs added today Accounting jobs Engineering jobs Finance jobs Management jobs Marketing jobs Sales jobs See all jobs jobs by Original Shows Key to NBA's success? Embracing tech NBA Commissioner David Stern says the basketball league is looking to expand its use of technology to improve gameplay and increase its audience.  Play Unique Homes Selling Roy Rogers' former ranch With 67 acres of land and room for 150 horses, the former ranch of the 'King of the Cowboys' sold at auction for $640,000.  Play Help Desk Track testing tires to find the best Find out how TireRack tests and reviews tires and why choosing the right ones for your car is so important.  Play All CNNMoney.com Original Shows Ask the Expert Best Advice Bing! Business of Green The Buzz CNNMoney NOW CNNMoney Reports Conscious Capitalism Corner Office Leadership Disruptors Energy Fix Help Desk Home Work How We Got Started Innovation Nation My Biz Playbook Kids & Money Life at the Top Look Ahead Money Tips My Biz Playbook New Money Rules of Retirement Road Warriors The Score Small & Global Small Business Tips Street Life Strategy Sessions Small Biz Makeover The Stream Tech Transformation Techmate The Turnaround Visionaries Markets US Indexes Market Movers Index Last Change % Change Dow 16,949.39 -134.41 -0.79% Nasdaq 4,448.15 -23.96 -0.54% S&P 500 1,978.09 -9.89 -0.50% Treasuries 2.47 -0.04 -1.59% Data as of 3:13pm ET Company Price Change % Change Facebook Inc 75.06 0.08 0.11% Apple Inc 97.36 0.33 0.34% Ford Motor Co 17.58 -0.26 -1.46% Bank of America Corp... 15.60 -0.01 -0.10% General Motors Co 35.08 -0.66 -1.85% Data as of 2:58pm ET Sponsored by Sections COMPANIES Smart people buy generic brands Americans are wasting about $44 billion a year on name brands, when they could be buying the exact same products if they switched to cheaper store brands, says a new paper by economists from Tilburg University in the Netherlands and the University of Chicago. More Murdoch shoring up his war chest Former Bear Stearns CEO Ace Greenberg dies ECONOMY Smart people buy generic brands Americans are wasting about $44 billion a year on name brands, when they could be buying the exact same products if they switched to cheaper store brands, says a new paper by economists from Tilburg University in the Netherlands and the University of Chicago. More Russians pay higher price for isolation Thanks Obamacare! Check is in the mail for 6.8 million people TECHNOLOGY Your personal information just isn't safe Target hack victims were directed to Experian for protection. But that company has leaked your data too. More #DetroitWater: Keep Detroiters' water on! City of Tomorrow: How 21st century challenges are being met worldwide with real innovation SMALL BUSINESS Move over Hollywood! Louisiana is top for film production Louisiana is now the top location for motion picture filming, supporting thousands of new jobs and small businesses. More It's Seamless over Starbucks for business travelers We work in a war zone but we're not unstable PERSONAL FINANCE Rotten bosses come in at least 6 different flavors CNNMoney readers rip managers who micromanage to death, play favorites, throw their staff under the bus and steal credit for their work. More Why your life insurance premiums may be so high For sale: Town of Aladdin, Wyo., for $1.5 million CNNMoney About CNNMoney Contact Us Advertise with Us User Preferences Closed Captioning Content Business Markets Investing Economy Tech Personal Finance Small Business Luxury Media Video Interactive Site Tools Site Map Watchlist Portfolio Job Search Real Estate Search Mortgage and Savings Center Calculators Corrections Market Data Alerts News Alerts Stay Connected My Account Mobile Site & Apps Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feeds Newsletters Tumblr Google+ Market indexes are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer Morningstar: © 2014 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Disclaimer The Dow Jones Indexes SM are proprietary to and distributed by Dow Jones & Company, Inc. and have been licensed for use. All content of the Dow Jones Indexes SM © 2014 is proprietary to Dow Jones & Company, Inc. Chicago Mercantile Association. The market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2014. All rights reserved. Most stock quote data provided by BATS. © 2014 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. .
http://money.cnn.com/2011/02/01/news/economy/New_York_Budget_Cuomo/
Homepage U.S. International Log In Log Out CNNMoney Video Portfolio Home Business Markets Investing Economy Tech Personal Finance Small Business Luxury Media Twitter Facebook States in crisis Governor Cuomo wants to slash funds for schools, Medicaid New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo wants to cut funding for state operations by 10% to close a $10 billion budget gap. By Tami Luhby, senior writer February 2, 2011: 11:16 AM ET NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- Funding to New York's schools and Medicaid program would get slashed under a $132.9 billion budget unveiled by newly installed Gov. Andrew Cuomo Tuesday. Seeking to close a $10 billion budget deficit, the governor is proposing $8.9 billion in overall spending cuts, while raising $340 million in revenues and $805 million in one-time actions. Email Print In keeping with his campaign pledge, the governor is not calling for a tax increase, instead he is looking to improve collections and enhance the lottery. Cuomo is proposing reducing school aid by $1.5 billion, or 2.9%, and Medicaid by $982 million, or 2%. A 27-member Medicaid redesign team would offer cost-savings suggestions by March 1. Education and Medicaid are the largest drivers of state spending. State law uses formulas to set the budgets in those areas, which would have resulted in 13% increases for each in the coming year. Cuomo, a Democrat, made headlines Monday by calling attention to these automatic increases and labeling the budget process "a metaphor of Albany dysfunction." "New York is at a crossroads, and we must seize this opportunity, make hard choices and set our state on a new path toward prosperity," said Cuomo, calling the state "functionally bankrupt." "We simply cannot afford to keep spending at our current rate." 0:00 / 2:02 New governors, big budget problems Without these automatic increases, the budget gap would be only $1 billion, he said. Just one month into his term, Cuomo is taking a hard line with lawmakers. During his budget address Tuesday, he exhorted legislators to do what's best for New Yorkers and not for the "Albany establishment." "It can't go on because it's unsustainable," he said, blasting groups ranging from home health care agencies to school superintendents for bloated bureaucracies. "We have to change." Change, however, has never been easy for state legislators, who are also notorious for passing budgets well after the start of the fiscal year on April 1. And Cuomo can't implement his spending plan until lawmakers approve it, likely with many changes. Senate Majority Leader Dean Skelos, a Republican, had a generally positive reaction to Cuomo's address, his spokesman said. The GOP agrees with cutting spending and holding the line on taxes. "By making the tough decisions now, we can reform the way government operates and make New York a place where businesses want to stay, grow and create new private sector jobs," Skelos said. Democratic leaders in the Assembly are still digesting the budget proposal and plan to start hearings on it next week. Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver called Cuomo's proposal "a great first step." He said his goal is to try to minimize the pain and cut from administration rather than services, but it will be difficult. "We just don't have the money. It's as simple as all that," Silver told CNNMoney. Both lawmakers said they felt the budget could be passed by April 1. Cuomo is the latest governor to push for harsh spending cuts in the wake of the Great Recession. States and municipalities are still facing reduced tax revenues, forcing them to reduce spending on government-supported programs. What's worse, states are contending with the end of federal stimulus funding, which propped up state aid for education and Medicaid. Governors are looking to close budget gaps for fiscal 2012 that could total as much as $125 billion, according to some estimates. The new fiscal year starts July 1 in most states. For New York, the loss of federal Recovery Act funding is blowing a $6 billion hole in the state budget, Cuomo said. Across the board cuts Cuomo's plan also calls for eliminating 3,500 prison beds and downsizing youth detention and psychiatric facilities. He also wants to slash higher education funding by 10%, cutting $185.5 million in state aid for the senior colleges of the State University of New York and the City University of New York. Local aid would fall by 2%, or $32 million, for cities, towns and villages, excluding New York City. The state would also save $302 million by withholding aid to the Big Apple, which was set to start this coming year. N.Y. governor unveils emergency debt plan The state also plans to lean heavily on its employee unions, many of which will see their contracts expire when the new fiscal year starts on April 1. If concessions aren't made, Cuomo said as many as 9,800 workers could lose their jobs. Reducing personnel costs is a major component of Cuomo's plan to cut the cost of state operations by 10% at each agency. The governor is also looking to merge or consolidate several state agencies, as well as reduce the number of agencies, authorities and commissions by 20% over the longer-term. Cuomo is also offering schools and local governments bonuses to prod them to become more efficient and to improve performance. He questioned why 279 superintendents make more than $200,000 in salary and benefits, more than the governor earns. "You don't just sit there and I'll send you a check ... you will actually have to do something for the money," he said. Has your income fallen over the last few years? Did you take a pay cut, or have to find a new job that pays less than your old one? Tell us about it and you could be included in an upcoming story on CNNMoney. For the CNNMoney Comment Policy, click here.   Print Email California Gov. Jerry Brown pushes tax hikes Snow blows city budgets Governors put state jobs on the chopping block First Published: February 1, 2011: 11:50 AM ET Right Now Smart people buy generic brands Russians pay higher price for isolation 8 rights of pregnant women at work Hot List Frontline troops push for solar energy The U.S. Marines are testing renewable energy technologies like solar to reduce costs and casualties associated with fossil fuels.  Play 25 Best Places to find rich singles Looking for Mr. or Ms. Moneybags? Hunt down the perfect mate in these wealthy cities, which are brimming with unattached professionals.  More Fun festivals: Twins to mustard to pirates! You'll see double in Twinsburg, Ohio, and Ketchup lovers should beware in Middleton, WI. Here's some of the best and strangest town festivals.  Play Job Search See 232,273 new jobs added today Accounting jobs Engineering jobs Finance jobs Management jobs Marketing jobs Sales jobs See all jobs jobs by Original Shows Key to NBA's success? Embracing tech NBA Commissioner David Stern says the basketball league is looking to expand its use of technology to improve gameplay and increase its audience.  Play Unique Homes Selling Roy Rogers' former ranch With 67 acres of land and room for 150 horses, the former ranch of the 'King of the Cowboys' sold at auction for $640,000.  Play Help Desk Track testing tires to find the best Find out how TireRack tests and reviews tires and why choosing the right ones for your car is so important.  Play All CNNMoney.com Original Shows Ask the Expert Best Advice Bing! Business of Green The Buzz CNNMoney NOW CNNMoney Reports Conscious Capitalism Corner Office Leadership Disruptors Energy Fix Help Desk Home Work How We Got Started Innovation Nation My Biz Playbook Kids & Money Life at the Top Look Ahead Money Tips My Biz Playbook New Money Rules of Retirement Road Warriors The Score Small & Global Small Business Tips Street Life Strategy Sessions Small Biz Makeover The Stream Tech Transformation Techmate The Turnaround Visionaries Markets US Indexes Market Movers Index Last Change % Change Dow 16,949.39 -134.41 -0.79% Nasdaq 4,448.15 -23.96 -0.54% S&P 500 1,978.09 -9.89 -0.50% Treasuries 2.47 -0.04 -1.59% Data as of 3:13pm ET Company Price Change % Change Facebook Inc 75.06 0.08 0.11% Apple Inc 97.36 0.33 0.34% Ford Motor Co 17.58 -0.26 -1.46% Bank of America Corp... 15.60 -0.01 -0.10% General Motors Co 35.08 -0.66 -1.85% Data as of 2:58pm ET Sponsored by Sections COMPANIES Smart people buy generic brands Americans are wasting about $44 billion a year on name brands, when they could be buying the exact same products if they switched to cheaper store brands, says a new paper by economists from Tilburg University in the Netherlands and the University of Chicago. More Murdoch shoring up his war chest Former Bear Stearns CEO Ace Greenberg dies ECONOMY Smart people buy generic brands Americans are wasting about $44 billion a year on name brands, when they could be buying the exact same products if they switched to cheaper store brands, says a new paper by economists from Tilburg University in the Netherlands and the University of Chicago. More Russians pay higher price for isolation Thanks Obamacare! Check is in the mail for 6.8 million people TECHNOLOGY Your personal information just isn't safe Target hack victims were directed to Experian for protection. But that company has leaked your data too. More #DetroitWater: Keep Detroiters' water on! City of Tomorrow: How 21st century challenges are being met worldwide with real innovation SMALL BUSINESS Move over Hollywood! Louisiana is top for film production Louisiana is now the top location for motion picture filming, supporting thousands of new jobs and small businesses. More It's Seamless over Starbucks for business travelers We work in a war zone but we're not unstable PERSONAL FINANCE Rotten bosses come in at least 6 different flavors CNNMoney readers rip managers who micromanage to death, play favorites, throw their staff under the bus and steal credit for their work. More Why your life insurance premiums may be so high For sale: Town of Aladdin, Wyo., for $1.5 million CNNMoney About CNNMoney Contact Us Advertise with Us User Preferences Closed Captioning Content Business Markets Investing Economy Tech Personal Finance Small Business Luxury Media Video Interactive Site Tools Site Map Watchlist Portfolio Job Search Real Estate Search Mortgage and Savings Center Calculators Corrections Market Data Alerts News Alerts Stay Connected My Account Mobile Site & Apps Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feeds Newsletters Tumblr Google+ Market indexes are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer Morningstar: © 2014 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Disclaimer The Dow Jones Indexes SM are proprietary to and distributed by Dow Jones & Company, Inc. and have been licensed for use. All content of the Dow Jones Indexes SM © 2014 is proprietary to Dow Jones & Company, Inc. Chicago Mercantile Association. The market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2014. All rights reserved. Most stock quote data provided by BATS. © 2014 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. .
http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2011-02-01/cuomo-to-cut-new-york-state-spending-by-8-86-billion-fire-9-800-workers.html
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. X Bloomberg is best experienced with JavaScript enabled. Bloomberg.com GLOBAL EDITION Businessweek.com Company About Blog Careers Diversity & Inclusion News Mission Philanthropy Press Room Sustainability Products Financial Products Bloomberg Professional Service Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indexes Bloomberg SEF Service Center Customer Support Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Industry Products Bloomberg BNA Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law Bloomberg Link Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Sports Content Licensing Bloomberg Anywhere Sign In Search News Top Headlines Most Popular Exclusive Law Entrepreneurs Leaders Economy Environment Science Sports Markets Magazine Pursuits Magazine Bloomberg Visual Data Bloomberg Best (and Worst) For comments or complaints about news coverage click here Regions U.S. China Europe Asia U.K. & Ireland Australia & New Zealand Canada India & Pakistan Japan Africa Eastern Europe Latin America Markets Commodities Currencies Bonds Stocks Energy Markets Municipal Bonds Emerging Markets Funds Islamic Finance Industries Energy Technology Real Estate Finance Health Care Transportation Insurance Retail Media Manufacturing Quick Markets Stocks Stock Futures World Indexes Americas Europe, Middle East, & Africa Asia-Pacific Gainers & Losers Earnings Calendar Industry Leaders Currencies Americas Europe, Middle East, & Africa Asia-Pacific Foreign Exchange Cross Rates FX Fixings Currency Converter Forex Trading Videos Commodities Energy Prices Metals Prices Agricultural Prices Rates & Bonds US Treasuries UK Gilts Germany Bunds Japan Bonds Australia Bonds Bloomberg Bond Indexes Corporate Bonds Consumer Rates Economic Calendar Watchlist European Debt Crisis Symbol Search The Market Now Personal Finance Top Headlines Saving & Investing Real Estate Retirement Planning Financial Advisers Taxes Blog: Ventured & Gained Real Cost Of Money Gallery Calculators Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker) Tech Top Headlines Social Media Mobile & Wireless Web Enterprise Tech TV, Games & Movies Apple Tech Deals Global Tech Slideshows Videos U.S. Politics Top Headlines Elections White House Congress State & Local Political Capital Videos Live Blogs Sustainability Top Headlines Energy Corporate Sustainability Policy Natural Resources Health & Population Slideshows Videos Blog: The Grid Luxury Top Headlines Autos Billionaires Living Property Travel Well Spent Loot Blog Pursuits Magazine Videos Video Must See Latest Live TV Shows Playlist Radio Live Radio Shows Schedule Personalities Podcasts Bloomberg Brief Featured Podcasts and New Shows Bloomberg View Masters in Business First Word Surveillance Hays Advantage In the Loop Bloomberg Law Taking Stock Bloomberg Best More Podcasts Opinion More stories Breaking News Kerry Says No Truce Accord for Gaza, Talks to Continue  TWEET Cuomo to Cut New York State Spending by $8.86 Billion, Fire 9,800 Workers By Michael Quint 2011-02-01T22:32:58Z - Comments Email Print Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Save New York Governor Andrew Cuomo proposed cutting local school aid by 7.3 percent and reducing Medicaid spending by almost $3 billion in a budget that closes a $10 billion deficit. As many as 9,800 workers may be fired under the $132.9 billion spending plan, according to documents released by Cuomo today. Aid to 700 school districts, the largest expense for the third most-populous U.S. state, would be cut by $1.5 billion to $19.4 billion in the fiscal year beginning April 1, according to the governor. Cuomo, a 53-year old Democrat elected in November, said his budget “stops the cycle of relentless and unaffordable spending growth,” as required by laws approved in past years. Looking directly at lawmakers during a speech in Albany, the capital, he urged them to pass his plan “even though the lobbyists are beating you up.” New York state, he told them, is “functionally bankrupt.” The state’s outlays for Medicaid would be reduced by $2.85 billion by implementing some of the more than 1,000 suggestions already collected by a task force, Cuomo said. Future growth in the health-care program for the poor would be tied to the medical-care-costs portion of the Consumer Price Index, now about 4 percent, replacing existing rules and formulas that would have raised spending 13 percent this year, Cuomo said. Medicaid Spending Total Medicaid spending, including the federal money that covers about half the program, would fall $982 million from this year, or about 2 percent, Cuomo said. He cited home health services, where administrative expenses absorb 52 cents of every dollar, as an example of how the system could become more efficient. The reduction in school aid is a reversal of the 13 percent increase called for by existing law. Including local taxes, funding for school districts would fall only 2.9 percent, the governor said. Schools could cover loss of funds by using reserves, freezing wages of teachers and administrators, or even reducing salaries and benefits of the 279 superintendents who receive more than $200,000 per year, he said, echoing comments by New Jersey Governor Chris Christie, a Republican. New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg said Cuomo’s plan would result in “thousands of layoffs in our schools and across city agencies,” according to a statement. Apart from the budget, Cuomo has proposed to impose discipline on schools and local governments with a state law capping their annual spending growth at the lower of 2 percent or the rate of inflation. The Senate approved that plan yesterday. Operating Funds To create incentives for better performance at schools, Cuomo proposed $250 million of grants to schools that improve classroom results, and $250 million for those with administrative improvements. State operating funds, which exclude federal aid and capital spending, would grow 1 percent to $88.1 billion, according to budget documents. The overall budget shrinks to $132.9 billion because of a $5.37 billion decline in federal aid. The 2.7 percent drop is the first reduction in at least 17 years. The financial plan may reduce New York’s workforce by 11,423 positions, including firing 9,800 workers if unions don’t cooperate in reducing costs. Cuomo isn’t seeking new taxes or borrowing to close the deficit. Fiscal Woes New York’s budget gap is part of the $125 billion faced by U.S. states in fiscal 2012, as their tax revenue isn’t growing fast enough to make up for the loss of $53 billion of federal aid, according to a report by the Center on Budget & Policy Priorities. To reduce costs, Cuomo proposed to slash spending at state agencies by 10 percent and merge 11 entities into four new ones. He proposed creating a task force to identify which prisons to close to match a decline in inmates. His plan would raise $455 million of additional revenue, mostly from better tax enforcement and additional funds from the state lottery, whose profit provided $2.67 billion to education last year. Before Cuomo’s proposed changes to state spending laws, New York’s tax revenue was expected to grow 6.6 percent next year, while state spending for operations would increase 17 percent, according to budget documents. In Cuomo’s plan, tax revenue grows 6.6 percent while state spending rises only 1 percent. In the past 10 years, state spending grew by an average of 5.7 percent annually, more than twice the 2.4 percent inflation rate and faster than the 3.8 percent growth in taxes, Cuomo said. Income Taxes Lawmakers including Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver, a Democrat from Manhattan, have questioned cutting state spending while allowing higher income-tax rates to expire Dec. 31, as scheduled. The state temporarily increased its top tax rate to 8.97 percent from 6.85 in 2009, to help close a record deficit that eventually grew to $20 billion. “We have to see what cuts are being provided as a result of that tax relief for the wealthy and whether we could afford to provide that tax relief,” Silver said before the budget was announced. Cutting state jobs and the services they provide isn’t fair in a budget that seeks “to maintain tax breaks for millionaires,” said Danny Donohue, president of the Civil Service Employees Assocation, the largest union for state workers. About 127,000 of New York’s 196,000 workers are under the governor’s direct control. Skelos Approval Senate President Dean Skelos, a Republican from Rockville Centre, said he approved of proposals for spending cuts and is opposed to any tax increases. He will continue to seek tax reductions, he said after the speech. The state’s capital plan calls for selling $5.52 billion of bonds next year, down 7.8 percent, and ending the year with $58.1 billion of debt. New York is the third-largest borrower in the municipal bond market, after California and New York City. While Cuomo’s budget doesn’t propose selling bonds to narrow the deficit, it does call for the state to issue IOUs paying 5 percent interest to its $132.8 billion pension fund, rather than making contributions in cash. The state will save $635 million next year by reducing the cash payments to $1.67 billion. New York City isn’t treated “equitably” and loses all of the more than $300 million of state aid it expected, while other communities are cut 2 percent under Cuomo’s budget, Bloomberg said. Nor does the governor’s plan provide relief from spending mandated by the state for pensions, buying practices or education, he said. The mayor is the founder and majority owner of Bloomberg LP, the parent company of Bloomberg News. To contact the reporter on this story: Michael Quint in Albany, New York, at mquint@bloomberg.net. To contact the editor responsible for this story: Mark Tannenbaum at mtannen@bloomberg.net Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Bloomberg reserves the right to remove comments but is under no obligation to do so, or to explain individual moderation decisions. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. U.S. U.S. Europe Asia Event Click to watch On Live TV Now Street Smart with Trish Regan Headlines Popular Latest Recommended Facebook Gain Makes Zuckerberg Wealthier Than Google Guys Ted Cruz Renders Himself Impotent Atlantic City’s Credit Rating Cut 2 Steps to Junk by Moody’s Wal-Mart’s New U.S. Chief Faces Empty Shelves, Grumpy Shoppers Bezos Alarms Amazon Investors With Spending Pace as Loss Widens Amazon Loss Widens as Bezos Pours Money Into New Services U.S. Stocks Decline as Amazon, Visa Results Miss Forecast Netherlands Despairs of Justice for Dead as Russia Trade Takes Precedence Ukraine Trades Accusations With Russia of Shelling Bezos Alarms Amazon Investors With Spending Pace as Loss Widens Why I'm Flying Malaysia Airlines Air Crashes Set Year on Course to Be Deadliest Since 2005 Based on your reading history you may like Koreans Pimp Their Rides to Create $4 Billion Industry Why I Flew to Israel Zillow Seen Dominating U.S. Home Searches With Trulia Air Algerie Crash Investigators Weigh Weather as Cause Netherlands Despairs of Justice for Murdered in Russia Trade Ukraine Trades Accusations With Russia of Shelling Based on your reading history you may like ' + item.headline + ' {{#short_description}} {{{short_description}}} {{#description}} Learn more {{/description}} {{/short_description}} {{#description}} {{{description}}} {{#delivery_info}} {{{delivery_info}}} {{/delivery_info}} {{/description}} {{#one_more_step_message}} {{{one_more_step_message}}} {{#sub_one_more_step_message}} {{{sub_one_more_step_message}}} {{/sub_one_more_step_message}} {{/one_more_step_message}} {{#success_message}} {{{success_message}}} {{#sub_success_message}} {{{sub_success_message}}} {{/sub_success_message}} {{/success_message}} Sign up > Burger King Is Run by Children Dog Food Fight: Purina Takes Blue Buffalo to Court Putin's Ukraine Plans in Peril After MH17 Disaster Ethiopia Wants China's Vanishing Factory Jobs Buying Twitch Gets Google More Than Gamer Spectators Post a Job Search Jobs Non-Profit jobs Public Policy jobs Public Heath Care jobs Public Affairs jobs Education Research jobs Philanthropy jobs Physician jobs Government relations jobs Professor jobs Scientist jobs Engineer jobs Attorney jobs Jobs by Advertisements RECOMMENDED READING More Less Content Company About Blog Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy Press Room Procurement Sustainability Support & Contact Customer Support Service Center Website Feedback Help Sitemap For comments or complaints about news coverage click here Bloomberg Network Bloomberg Blog Bloomberg Books Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg.co.jp Bloomberg in Brazil Bloomberg in India Bloomberg in Japan Bloomberg in Korea Bloomberg in Mexico Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Markets Magazine Open Bloomberg Financial Products Bloomberg Professional Service Bloomberg Anywhere Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indexes Bloomberg SEF Service Center Customer Support Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Industry Products Bloomberg BNA Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law Bloomberg Link Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Sports Content Licensing Mobile Apps Bloomberg Bloomberg Radio+ Bloomberg TV+ Bloomberg Businessweek+ Bloomberg Markets+ Bloomberg Professional Trademarks Terms of Service Privacy Policy Bloomberg Careers Jobs by Indeed Made in NYC Ad Choices ©2014 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Home News Top Headlines Most Popular Exclusive Law Entrepreneurs Leaders Economy Environment Science Sports Markets Magazine Pursuits Magazine Bloomberg Visual Data Bloomberg Best (and Worst) For comments or complaints about news coverage click here Regions U.S. China Europe Asia U.K. & Ireland Australia & New Zealand Canada India & Pakistan Japan Africa Eastern Europe Latin America Markets Commodities Currencies Bonds Stocks Energy Markets Municipal Bonds Emerging Markets Funds Islamic Finance Industries Energy Technology Real Estate Finance Health Care Transportation Insurance Retail Media Manufacturing Quick Market Data Stocks Stock Futures World Indexes Americas Europe, Middle East, & Africa Asia-Pacific Gainers & Losers Earnings Calendar Industry Leaders Currencies Americas Europe, Middle East, & Africa Asia-Pacific Foreign Exchange Cross Rates FX Fixings Currency Converter Forex Trading Videos Commodities Energy Prices Metals Prices Agricultural Prices Rates & Bonds US Treasuries UK Gilts Germany Bunds Japan Bonds Australia Bonds Bloomberg Bond Indexes Corporate Bonds Consumer Rates Economic Calendar Watchlist European Debt Crisis Symbol Search The Market Now Personal Finance Top Headlines Saving & Investing Real Estate Retirement Planning Financial Advisers Taxes Blog: Ventured & Gained Real Cost Of Money Gallery Calculators Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker) Tech Top Headlines Social Media Mobile & Wireless Web Enterprise Tech TV, Games & Movies Apple Tech Deals Global Tech Slideshows Videos U.S. Politics Top Headlines Elections White House Congress State & Local Political Capital Videos Live Blogs Sustainability Top Headlines Energy Corporate Sustainability Policy Natural Resources Health & Population Slideshows Videos Blog: The Grid Luxury Top Headlines Autos Billionaires Living Property Travel Well Spent Loot Blog Pursuits Magazine Videos TV Live TV Channel Finder Personalities Apple TV iPad App Schedule U.S. Asia Europe Shows Surveillance Market Makers Lunch Money Street Smart Bloomberg West Game Changers Video Must See Latest Live TV Shows Playlist Radio Live Radio Shows Schedule Personalities Podcasts Bloomberg Brief Featured Podcasts and New Shows Bloomberg View Masters in Business First Word Surveillance Hays Advantage In the Loop Bloomberg Law Taking Stock Bloomberg Best More Podcasts Blogs Global Tech The Grid Loot The Market Now Political Capital Tech Deals Ventured and Gained Opinion My Saved Registration Sign In Bloomberg.com Businessweek.com Company About Blog Careers Diversity & Inclusion News Mission Philanthropy Press Room Procurement Sustainability Products Financial Products Bloomberg Professional Service Bloomberg Anywhere Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indexes Bloomberg SEF Service Center Customer Support Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Industry Products Bloomberg BNA Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law Bloomberg Link Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Sports Content Licensing Bloomberg Anywhere Mobile Apps Bloomberg Visual Data
http://www.syracuse.com/news/index.ssf/2011/02/post_365.html
syracuse.com Menu Home News Weather News Crime & Safety Opinion Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Photos Videos Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Obituaries Find&Save Local Businesses Place an Ad Site Index Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu News Home Local News Politics & Elections Business CNY Schools & Colleges U.S. & World Health & Science Lottery Obits Sean Kirst Back to Main Menu Weather Home Today's Forecast 5-Day Forecast School & Event Closures Back to Main Menu Crime & Safety Home Police Blotter Reported Crimes City of Syracuse North Suburbs & Oswego County East Suburbs & Madison County West Suburbs & Cayuga County CNY Traffic Back to Main Menu Opinion Home Editorial Board Your Opinions Submit Your Opinion Columnists InterFaith Works Opinions Back to Main Menu Sports Home Orange Basketball Orange Football Orange Lacrosse Orange Women Sports Orange Sports Buffalo Bills College Sports Minor League Sports Bud Poliquin Brent Axe CNY Road Races CNY Outdoors Scoreboards NFL NBA MLB NHL CNY & Pro Golf Motorsports TV Schedule Back to Main Menu Entertainment Home CNY Restaurants Movies Times & News CNY Events Calendar CNY Music Scene CNY Arts & Theater CNY Festivals CNY Tickets on Sale TV News & Listings New York State Fair Celebrity News Back to Main Menu Living Home Homes Food Tourism & Travel CNY Pets CNY Proms CNY Graduations CNY Celebration Announcements Comics Kingdom Puzzles & Games Back to Main Menu Photos Home Photo Essays Buy Photo Reprints Your Photos Back to Main Menu Videos Home News Videos Sports Videos High School Sports Videos Entertainment Videos Living Videos Back to Main Menu High School Sports Home Football Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Girls Swimming Girls Tennis Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Rowing Boys Gymnastics Girls Rowing Off Season Sports Back to High School Sports Menu Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Baseball Softball Boys Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Ice Hockey Boys Swimming Girls Volleyball Boys Volleyball Girls Gymnastics Wrestling Boys Bowling Competitive Cheer Boys Winter Track Girls Bowling Girls Ice Hockey Girls Winter Track Girls Skiing Boys Skiing Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Post-Standard Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location (Enter City and State or Zip Code) Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search syracuse.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to syracuse.com Remember me Forgot your username and password? Don't have an account? Register now for free, or sign in with any of these services: You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Favorite Schools expand Favorite Teams close Subscribe The Post-Standard Email Newsletters Mobile Apps comments Gov. Andrew Cuomo's proposed New York budget would make deep cuts in school aid, state agency budgets Print Teri Weaver | tweaver@syracuse.com By Teri Weaver | tweaver@syracuse.com The Post-Standard Follow on Twitter on February 01, 2011 at 8:28 PM, updated February 01, 2011 at 10:56 PM View/Post Comments View full sizeMike Groll / APNew York Gov. Andrew Cuomo presents his 2011-2012 proposed Executive Budget in Albany on Tuesday. ALBANY, N.Y. – Gov. Andrew Cuomo on Tuesday promised to shrink the size of state government, laying out a $132.9 billion budget that would make deep cuts in local school districts, force state agencies to cut spending by 10 percent, and, if necessary, lay off nearly 10,000 state workers. Cuomo’s proposed budget would slash $3.7 billion from the current budget, a 2.7 percent decrease and the first overall statewide spending cut in more than a decade. A Democrat who took office last month, Cuomo cast past budgets as works of addicted spenders using Enron-like tricks. He laid down a sweeping challenge to nearly every government, person or group that gets state money: Stop relying on this year’s allotment as an automatic starting point for the fiscal year beginning April 1. To start, he took on school districts, proposing an average 7.3 percent cut to school districts, or a $1.5 billion decrease in this year’s $20.9 billion school aid. In Central New York, districts’ aid would drop by 4 percent to 22 percent, according to data released by Cuomo’s budget division. At the same time, Cuomo would fill an expected $10 billion deficit without raising taxes by increasing a few obscure fees and by using unspent money from previous years to jumpstart economic development in the state. “New York is at a crossroads, and we must seize this opportunity, make hard choices and set our state on a new path toward prosperity,” Cuomo said to a room full of state officials, legislators and reporters in the Egg Theater in Albany. “We simply cannot afford to keep spending at our current rate,” Cuomo said. “New York state must face economic reality.” The details of that reality were harder to find in Cuomo’s budget proposal. In many cases, the governor proposed changes in broad strokes – cutting $450 million in employee costs, closing prisons to get rid of 3,500 empty beds, finding $2.85 billion in savings in the government health program called Medicaid. He left the hard decisions – what workers to lay off, what prisons to close, what Medicaid programs to reform – in the hands of politically-appointed task forces, agency heads and the state Legislature — which is legally required to pass a budget by April 1, but rarely does. Details about the 10 percent budget cuts for agencies handling state parks, colleges, public health and family programs, and transportation will come in the next few days as legislators begin hearings with agency heads. “Nobody wants to do these things,” said Assemblyman Bill Magnarelli, D-Syracuse, who said he thought Cuomo was on the right track. “I don’t think the governor does. I think we’re just faced with a situation where there’s only so much money and we’re going to have to find a way to budget that properly.” The uncertainties in Cuomo’s proposal left state unions worried. “You’re talking about a 10 percent reduction to state agencies, which have already been forced to cut a lot,” said Mark Kotzin, speaking for CSEA, which represents 50,000 public workers in Central New York. “Which 10 percent of our roads in Syracuse do you not want plowed tomorrow when the big storm hits?” he asked. “Which 10 percent of the people with mental illness do you not want to care for?” When it came to schools, there was more bad news for many districts already facing budget gaps for the 2011-2012 school year. For the city of Syracuse schools, Cuomo’s budget includes a 5.6 percent cut, equaling $14.3 million. Chittenango schools would see a 22 percent decrease in state aid, or $3.5 million. Cuomo had suggestions for the state’s school districts, noting 40 percent of all school superintendents make more than $200,000 a year and the top paid superintendent gets $386,000 in salary. “I applied for that job,” Cuomo deadpanned, to laughter. “I failed. I ran for governor.” Cuomo, who voluntarily took a 5 percent cut in his $179,000 salary, said readjusting top salaries, freezing teacher salaries, using reserves and leftover federal money would help school districts make up for the decreased state aid without the need for layoffs. View full sizeMike Groll / APSteve Naples sorts copies of the 2011-12 executive budget bills in the Senate document room at the Capitol in Albany on Tuesday. That’s disingenuous, said Central New York School Boards Association Executive Director Larry Cummings. He pointed out that Cuomo cast the school aid cuts as only a 2.9 percent decrease, but that calculation includes money districts receive from local property taxes and federal subsidies. “The notion that no layoffs should be necessary?” Cummings said. “I mean, who’s kidding who here?” In other areas, a proposed $135 million cut for the state’s three teaching hospitals would hit Upstate University Hospital. Madison and Oneida counties would both lose $1.9 million per year they’ve been receiving in special state aid for costs associated with the Oneida Indian Nation of New York’s land claim. Sen. David Valesky, D-Oneida, whose district includes both University Hospital and Madison County, said he wanted to hear more about the specific cuts – and from local leaders – before supporting them or calling for their restoration. What’s not in Cuomo’s budget? The governor shunned budget fixes proposed in recent years, such as new soda taxes or putting wine in grocery stores, moves that would bring in more money but may anger shoppers and some merchants. He also did not include new income from hydrofracking, a controversial drilling process for natural gas reserves that currently is under a moratorium. Cuomo didn’t even mention the so-called “millionaire’s tax,” an income tax set to expire this year that increased tax rates for people making more than $200,000 a year. Sen. John DeFrancisco, R-Syracuse, said his biggest concern was what comes next – “the hue and cry” from local governments, school districts, state unions and state agencies who are looking at dwindling funds. “It’s going to be everybody but me, not in my backyard,” said the Senate Finance Committee chairman, who will hold budget hearings where each state agency will explain the affects of the cuts and, in some cases, ask for the money to be restored. Cuomo admitted the proposal contained change, a proposition that was scary and painful. “This is going to inflame the Albany establishment,” Cuomo said, describing a cartoon vision of lobbyists running around the Capitol with their hair on fire. “But the money’s gone and the money’s not coming in,” Cuomo said in a plea to lawmakers. “This is hard. This is real change.” Staff writers Michelle Breidenbach and Maureen Nolan contributed to this. Contact Teri Weaver at tweaver@syracuse.com or 470-2274. Related stories from The Post-Standard: » Central New York school official: 'It's really very, very bad' » Auburn schools take big hit under Cuomo budget » Ten percent cuts for SUNY community colleges in Cuomo's budget » CNY mayors say proposed state aid cuts for cities not as bad as feared » State budget proposal eliminates aid to offset unpaid taxes in Madison, Oneida counties » Nursing homes, hospitals expect to feel the pain of big Medicaid cuts in Cuomo's budget » State budget includes proposed cuts for Onondaga sheriff's boat patrol, racino aid for Oneida County town » Stakeholders weigh in on budget; Cuomo expects lobbyists to run around like their "hair is on fire" » NY Gov. Cuomo proposes first budget in 15 years that reduces spending; other states watch [The Associated Press] View/Post Comments Related Stories Auburn Junior High School closed Monday due to water main break that led to flooded basement Auburn man charged with rape of 14-year-old girl Share Your Pics Your #cnyweather photos Share your best weather pics on syracuse.com! Just post them on Instagram with the hashtag #cnyweather or #syrweather. ... See photos» Crime in Central NY Police Blotter Search for arrests by Syracuse and Central New York law enforcement agencies and local New York State Police. Map Onondaga County reported crimes Crime database: A look at local stats Crime & Safety forum More Crime & Safety news » Photo of the Day Project Children See All Photo Galleries Syracuse and CNY Photo Essays Videos by The Post-Standard More News Topics Sean Kirst: Read his latest columns Opinion: Editorials, letters & more CNY Obituaries Active Discussions Most Read Best of syracuse.com 19th century grandeur in Watertown Thibodeau claims his innocence Mayor holds meetings about migrant children About Us Advertise with us Jobs at Syracuse Media Group Contact Us Blogs Photo Reprints Submit a Press Release Subscriptions The Post-Standard (home + digital delivery) Email Newsletters syracuse.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on syracuse.com Forums Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sitemap & search Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2014 Syracuse Media Group All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Syracuse Media Group Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Contact interactivity management. Ad Choices
