http://www.f1fanatic.co.uk/2011/02/06/robert-kubica-reported-injured-in-rally-accident/
F1 Fanatic Hungarian GP Track data Going to the race Weather TV times Articles Live F1 2014 Drivers and teams Cars Calendar Race reviews Grids Practice results Statistics F1 2015 Drivers and teams Info Statistics 2013 F1 statistics 2012 F1 statistics 2011 F1 statistics More F1 statistics Seasons Drivers Fernando Alonso Jenson Button Lewis Hamilton Kimi Raikkonen Sebastian Vettel More F1 people Teams Tracks Points Calculator Going to a Grand Prix Reviews FAQ Predictions Championship Features Top Tens Grand Prix flashback Debates and Polls Guest Articles Why you should watch… Comment Video Statistics features Technology More features Pictures Latest pictures F1 cars Red Bull RB10 Ferrari F14 T Mercedes W05 Lotus E22 McLaren MP4-29 Force India VJM07 Sauber C33 Toro Rosso STR9 Williams FW36 Marussia MR03 Caterham CT05 More F1 car pictures Quizzes Drivers Teams Seasons Races Contact About FAQ Contribute F1 Fanatic Supporters Donate Shop with Amazon Become a moderator More ways to contribute Community Facebook Twitter Commenting on F1 Fanatic Contact form Activity Members Groups Forums Robert Kubica suffers multiple fractures in Italian rally crash 2011 F1 season February 6, 2011 at 10:07 am by Keith Collantine 674 comments Robert Kubica was taken to hospital by helicopter Robert Kubica has suffered multiple fractures to his right arm, leg and hand following a crash in a rally in Italy. Kubica was taken to hospital by helicopter following a crash in the Ronde di Andora rally. Renault have confirmed he is undergoing medical checks but have not given details about his injuries. A statement from the team said: “After undergoing extensive medical checks this morning, Robert Kubica has been diagnosed with multiple fractures to his right arm, leg and hand. He is currently undergoing surgery at the Santa Corona Hospital in Pietra Ligure. “Robert suffered a high-speed accident this morning while competing in the Ronde di Andora Rally. “Daniel Morelli, Robert’s manager, will be available for the press in front of the hospital emergency entrance at 16:30 CET (15:30 GMT). “Lotus Renault GP driver, Robert Kubica, suffered an accident at high speed this morning while competing in the Ronde di Andora Rally. “The driver was airlifted to Pietra Ligure Hospital, where he is currently undergoing medical checks. His co-driver is fine.” He was due to drive at the Jerez test this week. Renault’s third driver is Bruno Senna. Kubica’s co-driver Jakub Gerber posted “I’m OK” on his Facebook page around an hour ago. The video below shot earlier in the rally shows the Skoda Fabia S2000 rally car Kubica was driving: This video shows the aftermath of the crash: Robert Kubica rally crash Kubica tests DTM Mercedes at Valencia Kubica says he will return to F1 if he feels fit enough Kubica suffers injury setback after fall Robert Kubica to miss start of 2012 season Kubica’s final operation “a total success” Kubica hopes to leave hospital “within ten days” Kubica “better every day” but too soon to decide on return Heidfeld: “not the way I would have liked” to return Renault confirm Heidfeld to take Kubica’s place Kubica to have final surgery on Wednesday Image ?�?� Lorenzo Cargiolli – http://www.lorcarg.it Share this with your friends: Tweet Read more: 2011 F1 season | Robert Kubica | Robert Kubica rally crash Advert | Go Ad-free 674 comments on Robert Kubica suffers multiple fractures in Italian rally crash 1 2 3 … 22 Next » Kirk said on 6th February 2011, 10:09 I hope he is OK!!!! Reply Hare (@hare) said on 6th February 2011, 10:30 Yeah I’m sure all of us hope the same. Get well soon Robert!! We may be seeing Senna in Lotus for testing… fancy that? Reply Report user Hare said on 6th February 2011, 10:54 let see we’ve got : 1) Bruno Senna, 2) Romain Grosjean, 3) Fairuz Fauzy, 4) Jan Charouz and 5) Ho-Ping Tung Loads of choice! :) Reply Hare said on 6th February 2011, 11:00 however from ESPN on Jan 31st: [Eric Boullier] did confirm that Senna would be the first reserve if one of the race drivers could not compete. “I will give it to the one that is ready, and this year Bruno is the most ready driver.” Reply Parmalat Unipart said on 6th February 2011, 16:10 @ BasCB I disagree with your thoughts. Kimi Raikkonen is better suited to replace Robert Kubica at Lotus Renault GP. Jake (@jleigh) said on 6th February 2012, 0:45 Incredible powers of prediction! Calum said on 6th February 2011, 11:42 I’d pick Romain for testing… but that’s just me ;) Reply BasCB (@bascb) said on 6th February 2011, 12:04 I agree Romain is most experienced with development. The downside of that would be, it limits Bruno’s chance to get to know the car before the season and get used to the KERS and DRS devices. Hare said on 6th February 2011, 12:12 But Romain hasn’t been in Formula one cars for over a year? He’s been driving GT cars. Ben said on 6th February 2011, 12:15 Romain did development driving for Pirelli, and dominated the AutoGP (open wheelers) championship despite only competing in 2/3 of the season. Romain gets a bad rap, I reckon he’s got a fair bit more talent than a lot of people think after his time at Renault. Hare said on 7th February 2011, 9:12 He’s got a lot of talent Ben. In the GT1 World Championship, he drove a Ford GT40 and basically made everyone else looks a bit tame. But athletes and specialists need track time. As much as possible. With Formula 1 too, you need to have that experience in a car that’s relevant, or your skills could be out of date very soon. Bruno is currently in that position. So seems he’ll get his chance, but what he does with that, we’ll see :) miguelF1O (@) said on 6th February 2011, 11:51 brunno is a wreck so hopefully renault do the right thing and put romain on the spot Reply Hairs (@hairs) said on 6th February 2011, 13:28 Why use any of those when you could poach Hulkenberg from Williams? Reply Report user Hairs (@hairs) said on 6th February 2011, 13:29 Edit: Dur, not williams. hands up who hasn’t got their brain in today. You know what I mean. US_Peter (@us_peter) said on 6th February 2011, 18:10 Hopefully, and presumably, Kubica will make a full recovery, so this will not be a long term prospect. I can’t imagine Willi Weber letting Hülkenberg go for that seat (not that it’s even being offered) only to find himself without a drive again mid season. If they don’t use Senna or Grosjean, Heidfeld and De La Rosa both certainly have a wealth of experience and development skills to offer. kowalsky (@kowalsky) said on 6th February 2011, 13:37 de la rosa Reply Report user Pete said on 6th February 2011, 14:59 To partner Vitaly Petrov, Renault will need someone more experienced. I reckon the smart money’s on Nick Heidfeld to be drafted in above all the testers. Reply US_Peter (@us_peter) said on 6th February 2011, 18:14 The smart thing would certainly be Heidfeld or De La Rosa. I imagine that when Boullier made his comments about Senna he only imagined replacing Petrov. Faced with this stark reality now, I’d be surprised if they don’t approach Heidfeld and De La Rosa at least for some testing days… Mike (@mike) said on 7th February 2011, 4:16 Actually, that’s a good point, Heidfeld would certainly be a good pick. They need an experienced driver now, not another rookie. gabache said on 6th February 2011, 16:36 6) Esteban guerrieri 7) Jose Maria Lopez 8) Norberto Fontana 9) Agustin Canapino 10) anibal zaniratto Reply The Hundredth Idiot (@) said on 6th February 2011, 11:51 BBC’s now saying fractures to left arm and left leg… Doesn’t sound like there’ll be quick recovery. Reply 44 Problems But A Brain Ain't One (@kodongo) said on 6th February 2011, 12:14 I am a fan of McLaren and Lewis primarily, but any F1 fan knows it is characters like Kubica who make the sport so spectacular and interesting. As a ‘racer’ in the purest sense of the word, I hope Robert fully recovers to the amazing level he has reached in the past seasons. Get well soon! Reply Report user Hare said on 6th February 2011, 12:37 Absolutely, winning a championship has little meaning without quality opposition. Robert, in my mind, has really grown and shown his huge talent in a car that could do better most years. I love him in F1, I hope to see him back soon. Reply US_Peter (@us_peter) said on 6th February 2011, 18:17 He seems like one of the most genuinely nice characters in the paddock as well, and if the outpouring of support from his direct competitors on Twitter today is any indication, my suspicion is confirmed. kowalsky (@kowalsky) said on 6th February 2011, 13:40 in spanish tv they are talking about the possibility of loosing a hand. I hope they are overreacting. Reply Report user Fixy (@fixy) said on 6th February 2011, 15:09 I saw a video and it said they had cut off an arm. I really hope they are wrong and I am still so shocked that I am writing this very slowly because I continue making mistakes. Reply Report user John H said on 6th February 2011, 15:27 If he keeps his hand, nerve damage is going to be the main problem. I think we can say he’s out for 2011, and I just hope physio can get him back for 2012 if there is no amputation. We need Kubica in F1… perhaps he should have rallied competitively after finishing with F1 – but it’s easy to say in hindsight of course. Reply SeattleChris (@seattlechris) said on 6th February 2011, 17:51 he’s undergoing surgery, which means pins of titanium couple with electroshock healing (stuff us normal people would never even be offered) so I suspect he will actually be available in half the time a true break would incur. Further, they’ve given no details on whether it was a break, compound break or just a hairline fracture et cetera so we really don’t know how bad it is. Hopefully his leg isn’t properly broken. The car doesn’t actually look that bad, so I think he’ll be racing in Sakir. Reply Report user US_Peter (@us_peter) said on 6th February 2011, 18:21 I hope you’re right and it’s a quicker recovery than everyone’s speculating. Even so, it’ll take a toll on his performance for quite some time going forward. Reply Report user Tom said on 6th February 2011, 13:43 “All we know is that Robert’s life is not in danger,” Samson said. “However, he has very severe injuries to his left hand and left leg, but we don’t know anything more about it.” It was earlier rumoured that the 26-year-old, reportedy in a serious condition, has internal injuries, a broken femur, and a badly crushed hand that surgeons are considering amputating. http://www.motorsport.com/news/article.asp?ID=399305&FS=F1 Reply Nick said on 6th February 2011, 14:00 dam, that sucks…omg. Reply SeattleChris (@seattlechris) said on 6th February 2011, 17:57 Oh my, I hope he doesn’t lose his hand. That’s a pretty shoddy looking site so I’m hopeful, for his sake, that my instincts about sensationsalistic/opportunistic websites, such as this, are completely rubbish. If I thought there was a god I would pray to him for you Robert! Reply Report user Dianna said on 6th February 2011, 18:22 God Bless you Robert,and may your injuries heal fast.So very sorry for the talented young man. F1 is such a dangerous sport,we should applaud all the drivers for giving us such wonderful races. We are thinking of you Robert,you are in our prayers. Reply racerdude7730 said on 6th February 2011, 18:33 Here is a good video of it. He looks bad http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LuzcmFM2aHI Reply jimscreechy said on 6th February 2011, 19:36 ER.. I think he is definately NOT ok. With multiple fractures to his right hand for starters. The Polish web sites have been reporting that they were considering amputating his hand, but they have managed to save it. That may just be the rumour mill, but… he has been in surgery since 2pm so this is a very serious injury. Unfortunately this is definately the end of his 2011 season and that is if he’s lucky. I fear it may even be worse than that. Reply mike said on 6th February 2011, 20:24 I like to wish Robert well and hope to see him race again. Get well soon. Mike Reply PT said on 7th February 2011, 6:26 A big, big blow for Lotus Renault GP’s hopes this year! Reply Daphne said on 7th February 2011, 10:14 Good wishes to Robert Kubica. 2011 will be poorer without him; one of the most exciting drivers in F1. Reply Herr Anon said on 6th February 2011, 10:10 Damn hope he’s not too badly injured. Reply Solo (@solo) said on 6th February 2011, 12:59 According to the BBC he might never even be able to race in F1 again. Holly ****!!! But even if it’s just this year he will be devastated if that Renault is really a capable for wins car. That’s bad for us too i guess. If the car was good we just lost a championship contender. Hope things prove to be better and he ends up just losing testing or the first 2-3 races the most. So does Senna take the seat now! Will Renault really trust him with that role? Or could this mean that Heidfield could be up for a come-back? Reply Report user jose said on 6th February 2011, 10:17 French media reporting broken femur, http://fr.sports.yahoo.com/06022011/70/hors-piste-accident-grave-pour-kubica.html Reply Hamish said on 6th February 2011, 10:41 Broken femur? If thats the case hes on the sidelines for a very long time. The femur is one bone you do not want to break, people have died from it before given how huge the bone is. Reply jon said on 6th February 2011, 11:54 planet f1 say he broje both wrists….looks like senna in the lotus for this season…. if hes done a femor and the wrists then i cant see him in a car this season……sad time for f1……. Reply JT19 (@jt19) said on 6th February 2011, 10:48 femur?? Oh no, 6 weeks to heal. Even longer for the pain, at least 3 months, if this is true! Reply Report user Hamish said on 6th February 2011, 10:53 6 weeks to heal……and then some. If its bad enough he would be lying in traction alone for the next 6 weeks. I’ve broken it before and not even Dr Quinn Medicine Women would be able to heal a broken femur in 6 weeks. Reply Hare said on 6th February 2011, 11:17 It should be remembered that Robert suffered a serious arm injury in 2003 when he was the passenger in a serious road accident. He had 18 titanium bolts fitted into his arm but returned to racing quickly and won his first race, although his late start affected his overall position in the Formula 3 Euroseries that year. From Joe Saward.. Reply Hamish said on 6th February 2011, 11:20 Awaiting the “Luizzi would be a good experienced replacement” column. BasCB (@bascb) said on 6th February 2011, 12:07 Well Hamish, it does offer Liuzzi some chance. But with the enormous stable of reserve and test drivers Renault have on board, they are bound to find one of them to do the driver. Senna or Grosjean will be first in line (Grosjean more likely if Kubica will be back in time for the Bahrain GP, Senna if Kubica will have to sit out part of the season). Burnout said on 6th February 2011, 12:10 @ Hamish: lol! graham228221 said on 6th February 2011, 11:03 Other reports say that it’s a broken wrist, so a month or two on the sidelines. Reply Felipe Bomeny (@portugoose) said on 6th February 2011, 12:50 Germany’s SID is reporting that his wrist’s injury is so bad that they’re considering amputation. Sounds a bit extreme, hope that’s not the case, and I sincerely wish to see him driving again soon. My thoughts are with Robert right now. Reply Report user Prof Kirk (@prof-kirk) said on 6th February 2011, 20:11 Firstly, heartbreaking news, I had my eye on him for this year to do some big things. Secondly, If he was driving a RenaultSport Clio this accident would probably never happened. Thirdly, they should ask Sebastian Vettel to step in like he did last time for Kubica Fourthly, realisticly Senna will step in, Eric seems to be a man of his word Fithly, Senna in a black and gold lotus renault? back to the future what? Lastly, maybe Bruno will be the next Vettel? unlikely. Reply Report user sw6569 (@sw6569) said on 6th February 2011, 10:18 Lets hope its not too serious! Reply Report user Fixy (@fixy) said on 6th February 2011, 14:34 Poor Robert I really want to see him fit for the Bahrain GP! Reply Report user Todfod (@todfod) said on 6th February 2011, 19:00 Its absolutely heartbreaking. One of the most talented drivers of our generation might never race again. We can do nothing but hope for the best. Reply Report user zarathustra said on 6th February 2011, 10:18 Renault must be in panic, me too… Reply F1iLike said on 6th February 2011, 11:07 Didn’t they ban him from doing rallying just recently? Reply Mister Nillionaire said on 6th February 2011, 11:19 Kind of weird their website is down now. Hope they will post some updates on this. Reply Glorstensen (@glorstensen) said on 6th February 2011, 10:18 Hope it ain’t bad and he is OK! Reply Report user Keith Collantine (@keithcollantine) said on 6th February 2011, 10:20 There are a lot of conflicting reports about what the extent of Kubica’s injuries are. I’ve contacted Renault to try to get clarification but not has a response yet. Reply Hamish said on 6th February 2011, 10:44 Hoping like hell it isn’t the femur. Reply Hare said on 6th February 2011, 11:21 Depends who’s commenting. His Dad says wrist, some others say leg and hip.. Possibly all or some. Good news is that he’s not life threatening, and he’ll recover after some time to heal. GOOD NEWS! :) Reply Scribe said on 6th February 2011, 17:09 He’ll be out for the fly aways at the very least. This is an awful story for F1, Renault looked like they might be genuinley competative this year, to have lost Kubica at this time is a tradgedy, I felt this might be the year he really challenged. What I hope they don’t do is put Bruno Freaking Senna in the car, did you see Petrov last year? THat sort of calibre of driver isn’t going to cut the mustard at the front, they need a talent does Renault. That they’ve lost it is also, what they do to replace it is so vital, Raikkonen? Unlikley, Heidfeld, won’t do it. There’s no one and it makes me sad. Reply US_Peter (@us_peter) said on 6th February 2011, 18:30 It won’t be Räikkönen, he’s fully committed to WRC this season, and besides they ended talks last summer on a bad note. Why wouldn’t Heidfeld do it? His opportunities to race in F1 are disappearing fast, if not altogether gone at this point. Reply Report user Scribe (@scribe) said on 6th February 2011, 19:20 yeah, but he’s just not that great. He’d be a waste of the car just as much as Senna and Petrov. THis is why they should have put someone like Glock in teh car, at least then they might not have underacheived. US_Peter (@us_peter) said on 6th February 2011, 19:54 Agreed. I wished they’d put Glock in from the start, but I guess he’s banking on long term prospects with Virgin… summers (@summers) said on 6th February 2011, 10:20 I hope that’s nothing serious and he will soon be able to race… Reply Report user d-d said on 6th February 2011, 12:17 Soon means a few months, if at all. What a blow for the whole team. Reply Andy92 (@andy92) said on 6th February 2011, 10:22 Assuming he wont be able to drive in the next test, who will take his spot? Bruno Senna? At least its a chance to demonstrate his true ability. However, I do hope Robert is fine, and is well and fit asap. Reply Report user DANK said on 6th February 2011, 10:33 I’m guessing it would be Petrov for all 3 days Reply Hare (@hare) said on 6th February 2011, 10:42 I don’t think that would happen. Lotus Renault have a plethora of drivers in the wings dying to get at the wheel. It would make little sense to make one driver do all your driving, and not allow the person who may have to take Roberts place, some significant track time. Reply Report user Hamish said on 6th February 2011, 11:02 Yep agreed. In this period of next to no testing for reserve drivers I think a judgement call will be made ASAP. If you can extract any positves its a new car with new tyres, so whoever was to be driving will be on a learning curve just like everyone else. Reply d-d said on 6th February 2011, 12:15 Probably two drivers, the second one must be familiar with the car as well. Reply Fixy (@fixy) said on 6th February 2011, 14:36 Petrov only if Kubica will be back in time for the first race, Senna if he will have to compete in some races to give him some practice. Reply Report user SennaNmbr1 (@sennanmbr1) said on 6th February 2011, 10:59 Just imagine if the car is the class of the field and Senna wins the championship. That would trump Jenson Button’s luck! First season at the back of the grid, loses drive, lucks into great car and wins championship in second season. Reply Report user Griggs said on 6th February 2011, 11:07 That would be awesome, especially as he was so close to driving that BrawnGP car anyway. Won’t happen though. :P Reply GeeMac (@geemac) said on 6th February 2011, 12:40 Yup, Griggs poinmts out something that we all seem to have forgotten. Bruno is/was so highly rated that he was set to replace Rubens at Honda before they pulled the plug on their F1 programme. Lets not write him off after a season at the back of the grid in a useless HRT which no one could have driven any better. Reply Report user coxy said on 6th February 2011, 14:43 “Lets not write him off after a season at the back of the grid in a useless HRT which no one could have driven any better.” Really exept the other 3 three drivers which raced for HRT and smashed him in qualifying race afer race, Klein even did it the first time out in the car! Griggs said on 6th February 2011, 16:01 @coxy Seriously? Come on. The biggest myth of last season has to be how much Senna was “smashed” “destroyed” “murdered” “brutalized” by his team mates. Klien was quicker. Fair enough. Senna improved against Klien as time went on. Other than that Karun was a nice guy and I can see why people like him. But this over the hatred for Senna is getting old now. Sigh. GeeMac (@geemac) said on 7th February 2011, 10:11 Quite right again Griggs, people point out how Klein was quicker in their first race together, but omit the fact that Senna was faster in the last race at Abu Dhabi. Senna was “brutalised” by the rest of his teammates because their HRT’s somehow managed to finish while Bruno’s tended to break down…while he was in front of them. BasCB (@bascb) said on 6th February 2011, 12:09 I suppose it will be Grosjean/Petrov, if the injuries are judged to enable Kubica to recover for Bahrain. If not I would expect Senna to get as much running as needed to prepare him to take the car in the first GPs this season. Reply Report user Hare said on 6th February 2011, 12:38 It’ll be Senna and Petrov. Reply Parmalat Unipart said on 6th February 2011, 16:12 @ BasCB Np It will be Senna/Petrov. Reply Smithy said on 6th February 2011, 10:22 I hope he’s alright and will recover ASAP. Early days yet, but if he’s unable to start the season, surely Senna will step in for him. Reply MaroonJack (@maroonjack) said on 6th February 2011, 10:27 I’ve heard the reports of broken clavicle, femur, left hand and wrist. It’s all very conflicting and I think that most journalists are just making things up. Let’s wait for the official statement. I hope he recovers quickly. Reply Report user Hare said on 6th February 2011, 10:55 So… essentially he’s broken something then. unless it’s a rib, he’s not going to be testing at Jerez. Reply Hamish said on 6th February 2011, 11:04 I do believe Jenson raced with a broken heart for some of the races last year. Reply VXR said on 6th February 2011, 11:17 He wasn’t driving the Mercedes? Reply Hare said on 6th February 2011, 11:34 How.. what the…. eh? Hare said on 6th February 2011, 12:13 Again.. How the… what on… eh?! BasCB (@bascb) said on 6th February 2011, 12:09 Wasn’t that Lewis? Reply Report user Hamish said on 6th February 2011, 12:27 Button was a single man for about 2 months last year. How I know that really concerns me. Owen said on 6th February 2011, 12:28 Hahaha when his girlfriend split with him. Reply cyanide (@cyanide) said on 6th February 2011, 16:55 hahahahahaha…. classic Reply Report user Gail in cincinnati said on 6th February 2011, 18:27 Schumacher raced, and won with no heart at all for several years….. Todfod (@todfod) said on 6th February 2011, 19:08 @Gail. Hilarious Comment! verstappen (@verstappen) said on 6th February 2011, 10:28 Hope he recovers fully. Preferably in time for the start of the season. But of not it gives us fanatics an opportunity to see what Bruno does against Petrov Reply Report user verstappen (@verstappen) said on 6th February 2011, 12:54 Man, I know it’s speculation at this time but the worst case scenario’s make me feel bad for even mentioning anything other then the hope that Kubica will recover fully. All the best for him! Reply Report user Kirk said on 6th February 2011, 10:31 Lets wait and see, media reports tend to be wildly inaccurate and over dramatise things. Reply Hamish said on 6th February 2011, 10:34 “Vitaly Petrov lead driver” Make sure whoever is within an earshot when you say that doesn’t have any food or fluid in their mouth. Reply Hare said on 6th February 2011, 10:55 Fail! had ice cream in my mouth.. nearly snorted it. Reply JCF1 (@jcf1) said on 6th February 2011, 15:55 Ha ha hilarious! Imagine team orders: Vitaly is faster than you Senna moves aside Crash! Both renaults out of the race after petrov looses contol when overtaking teammate Reply Report user David B said on 6th February 2011, 10:37 From “La GAzzetta” (most important italian sport paper, quite reliable) it seems he reported multiple fractures, and prognosys is still reserved. It means that the doctors don’t know what the extent of the injuries exactly is. Seems to be quite bad. Let’s see and hope, but it seems pretty bad. Reply Alessandro A said on 6th February 2011, 11:37 Gazzetta and italian Sky News reports he may lose his hand. Waiting for 14:00 CET for an official bulletin from the hospital http://www.gazzetta.it/Motori/Formula1/06-02-2011/incidente-un-rally-8057234170.shtml Reply Antranik (@antranik) said on 6th February 2011, 18:26 More recent reports state that he will definitely not loose his hand! GREAT NEWS! Get well soon Robert! Reply Report user 1 2 3 … 22 Next » Add your comment Cancel this reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website All comments must abide by the comment policy. Comments may be moderated. Want to post off-topic? Head to the forum. See the FAQ for more information. Log in or create an F1 Fanatic account. Username Password Remember Me Advert | Go Ad-free New on F1 Fanatic 2014 Hungarian Grand Prix Friday practice analysis 2014 Hungarian Grand Prix practice in pictures Cause of Hamilton’s brake failure ‘still unclear’ Make your 2014 Hungarian Grand Prix predictions Hamilton stays ahead in second practice Championship points Drivers Nico Rosberg 190 Lewis Hamilton 176 (-14) Daniel Ricciardo 106 (-84) Constructors Mercedes 366 Red Bull 188 (-178) Williams 121 (-245) Points in full • Points Calculator Adverts | Go Ad-free © Keith Collantine 2014 • Disclaimer Skip to toolbar Log in Register
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/formulaone/article-1354178/Robert-Kubica-injured-rally-crash-Italy.html
  Home U.K. News     Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Football World Cup Tennis Cricket F1 Boxing Rugby Union Rugby League Golf Racing More Sports Fantasy Football Headlines My Profile Logout Amazon Videos Feedback DailyMail " + now.format("dddd, MMM Do YYYY") + " show ad I couldn't turn down the chance to work with Jose again, reveals Drogba as Chelsea legend makes 'easy decision' to rejoin club Liverpool smash transfer record for a defender as Rodgers wraps up £20m deal for Saints ace Lovren Lauda issues apology to Ferrari after calling this year's car 's***' Fachie and Maclean win tandem gold for Scotland at Games We beat you 13-0... oh no you didn't! Norwich forced to apologise over bizarre dispute with Italian side Bring back the glory days! New Barca skipper Iniesta plots world domination Suarez biting ban appeal could be heard before start of Barcelona's season, says Court of Arbitration Think your club is heading for glory? Or are you fearing the worst from dodgy signings? Here's your ultimate lowdown to the 20 Premier League clubs (and why Mourinho is set to lift the trophy again...) You are stupid, Joey! Benayoun hits out at his old team-mate for wading into the debate on Middle East crisis Commonwealth Games in doping controversy as Williams is suspended New £60million man James signed 'for the future' says Real Madrid boss Ancelotti, who wants to keep Di Maria United blunder gives thousands of fans 60% discount on club website Campbell signs three-year deal at Crystal Palace after leaving Cardiff I'm done with transfers, claims Mourinho as he gives kids a chance Rodgers schools his players at Harvard as he prepares for Lovren and Remy to arrive Who are you? Johnson and Reina spooked by mystery 'odd character' photobomber United flop Bebe finally moves on as he joins Benfica for £2.4million - after just three starts in four years Liverpool target Origi wanted by Atletico Madrid as £10m Belgium star could replace Costa I've NOT seen him play, admits West Brom boss Irvine after blowing club record £10m on striker Brown United offered Di Maria hope as PSG insist they have not signed winger India all-rounder Jadeja fined 50% of first match fee after Anderson clash How the Tinkerman became a Moneyman: Ranieri has earned over £10m in pay-offs... but is he actually a good manager? Under the knife: Carroll looking glum ahead of ankle surgery to bid to be fit for West Ham Ex-Chelsea boss 'Tinkerman' Ranieri appointed new Greece manager Previous Next Renault F1 driver Robert Kubica suffers multiple fractures following rally crash in Italy By Simon Cass Follow @@simon_cassDM Updated: 21:48 EST, 6 February 2011 5 View comments Formula One driver Robert Kubica is battling to save his career after his right hand was crushed in an horrific crash in Italy. Renault driver Kubica, 26, also suffered multiple fractures to his right arm and right leg after his Skoda Fabia hit a church wall in the Ronde di Andora Rally in Liguria in north-west Italy.  Reports in Italy claimed it took an hour for specialist equipment to arrive at the scene to cut Kubica free. Kubica faces a year out 'at best' after horrific rally crash, reveals surgeon Taken to hospital: Service workers carry Robert Kubica following his serious accident in Italy Receiving attention: Kubica in an ambulance after his accident He was then flown by helicopter to hospital in Pietra Ligure, near Genoa. Speaking at the hospital, Kubica’s manager Daniel Morelli revealed: ‘Surgeons have repaired the bone structure. Now they have to think about muscle functionality, but Robert has a very strong character. He’ll be OK.’ The Polish driver is certain to miss the opening Grand Prix of 2011 in Bahrain on March 13. Bruno Senna is likely to deputise. Airlifted to hospital: Italian paramedics use a sheet to cover the rescue of Robert Kubica Wrecked: Kubica's car is towed away following the crash Kubica had a serious crash while driving for BMW Sauber in the 2007 Canadian Grand Prix but missed just one race. After a road accident in 2003, he had 18 titanium bolts inserted in his arm.   More... Hamilton and Button feast on new car as McLaren eye Formula One title next season Massa finds new Ferrari too hot to handle in Valencia test run Upbeat Brawn talks up Mercedes' hopes ahead of the 2011 season 2011 F1 drivers and teams: how the grid is shaping up for the new season Share or comment on this article MOST WATCHED SPORT VIDEOS Previous 1 2 3 Next Unbelievable freestyling with a flaming football on a lit... Israeli football players fight with Palestinian pitch... James Rodriguez wows crowd during Real Madrid presentation Manchester United v LA Galaxy: Wayne Rooney scores penalty Louis van Gaal teaches Wayne Rooney how to shoot Watch Reece James score for Man United against LA Galaxy Gedion Zelalem scores amazing basket for Thierry Henry Thierry Henry gets nostalgic about Arsenal in an emotional... Frank Lampard insists he didn't mean to offend in 9/11... Bacary Sagna and wife Ludivine swimming off Miami beach James Rodriguez saves pitch invader from heavy-handed... RZ Pellets v Chelsea: Jeremie Boga stunning solo strike Frank Lampard gives his first press conference at New York... Frank Lampard promises to visit 9/11 memorial as New York... Reece James profile: Manchester United youngster scores... TRANSFER NEWS COLUMN: David Ospina set to complete Arsenal... Arsene Wenger says Arsenal's German World Cup-winning stars... Mario Gotze and Andre Schurrle continue their post-World Cup... Premier League transfer window 2014: What state is YOUR club... Arturo Vidal says he is NOT signing for Manchester United Didier Drogba's return to Chelsea moves closer as Jose... Arsene Wenger jokes that he hoped Thierry Henry would wear... Bacary Sagna takes to the beach with wife Ludivine before... Louis van Gaal didn't ask me to be his assistant manager at... Yossi Benayoun hits out at 'stupid' Joey Barton after QPR... MOST READ SPORT Previous Next ● ● ● Comments (5) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have been moderated in advance. The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Get the F1 RSS feed RSS My Yahoo! Feedly AOL Reader More RSS feeds... PLAY NOW TO WIN! BET £5 GET £20 FREE World Cup Offer FOOTBALL JACKPOT Play Britain's best acca     SPORTS BIG HITS Messi and girlfriend Antonella take some time out on holiday in Capri before Barcelona pre-season training Lionel Messi posts a holiday snap from Italy Give us a kiss! Willian swims with dolphins as he relaxes ahead of Chelsea's campaign Chelsea and Brazil star Willian gets familiar with a dolphin on holiday Henry joins Wilshere, Ramsey and other Arsenal stars at the basketball in New York Thierry Henry teaches the visiting Gunners how to play basketball Filthy! Gotze continues post-World Cup relaxation in style  Mario Gotze and girlfriend Ann-Kathrin Brommel were this time enjoying a mud bath Sagna takes to the beach with wife Ludivine before beginning City life New signing Bacary Sagna was enjoying the last of his holiday with wife Ludivine Season at glance Live tables Fixtures Scores Premier League Premier League Championship League One League Two Scottish Premiership Scottish Div 1 Scottish Div 2 Scottish Div 3 More tables More fixtures More scores     MORE SPORTS HITS Ronaldo to join rapper Lil Wayne's new sports management company Cristiano Ronaldo is set to become the first client of rapper Lil Wayne's new company in the US Johnson and Reina photobombed by 'odd character' on Liverpool's US tour A strange individual is seen in a Glen Johnson and Pepe Reina pic Arsenal stars ride the subway as they enjoy explore New York Wojciech Szczesny took Arsenal's youngsters around New York for a spot of sightseeing CONTINENTAL BREAKFAST: Vermaelen to Barca and Suarez to debut in El Clasico A round up of the biggest sporting headlines from across Europe Pepe shows off his new Coolio-inspired calamity haircut on return to Real Madrid Real Madrid defender Pepe keeps up his unpredictable side It's Yank Lampard! New York City FC unveil  Chelsea legend as their marquee signing Frank Lampard has completed his move to Major League Soccer Sir Bradley and England have to make do with silver in team pursuit at Glasgow Commonwealth Games Sir Bradley Wiggins had to settle for second best Alistair Brownlee beats brother Jonny to triathlon gold Alistair Brownlee completed a dream day for England at Strathclyde Country Park Pique poses with Shakira and son before start of Barcelona pre-season Gerard Pique enjoyed his last day before beginning training Pogba pulls out ANOTHER dodgy tank on holiday in New York City Paul Pogba is at it again! (You'd think he'd learn in one of fashion capitals of the world...) Wenger jokes that he hoped Henry would wear the red shirt of Arsenal for one half of New York Red Bulls match Arsene Wenger and Thierry Henry reminisce Flying the flag! Stimpson wins maiden gold medal of Commonwealth Games Jodie Stimpson took top prize in the women's triathlon in Glasgow Bale is cock-a-HOOP as NBA star Carmelo Anthony joins Real Madrid in LA Gareth Bale and his  team-mates were just a little star struck Benitez compares Napoli's transfer woes to upgrading his wife for Claudia Schiffer Rafa Benitez attempted to put a funny spin on Napoli's struggles Barcelona are 'the best club in the world', says Mathieu at his unveiling Jeremy Mathieu was high on praise for the Catalan giants after being paraded Riding on the crest of a wave... Terry and Chelsea pals enjoy boat trip in Austria Chelsea captain John Terry and Gary Cahill were among cruisers Out to impress Mourinho? Lukaku trains with Anderlecht to regain fitness ahead of Chelsea reunion Romelu Lukaku is back with his former side Lift-off in Glasgow after Commonwealth Games opening ceremony Only these Games could bring together a burly 54-year-old bowler-politician with Usain Bolt Young poses for picture with Italy legend Del Piero in LA Ashley Young was delighted to meet one of Italian football's all-time legends in California Is this Rory's new girl? McIlroy spotted with rumoured new love interest after Open win Rory McIlroy looks to be celebrating his Open victory with Sasha Gale Maccabi Haifa's friendly with Lille stopped amid shocking attacks on players Pro-Palestinian protesters stormed the pitch in Austria Fireman Wayne! Rooney looks at home behind wheel of engine in Los Angeles (Let's hope there's no fires to fight with Louis van Gaal...) Mo problem... Fowler mocks Liverpool legend Rush with a fake moustache Liverpool legends Ian Rush and Robbie Fowler were in a jovial mood Murray gets over Wimbledon agony with more pain in the gym Andy Murray is determined to bounce back from a miserable summer in Florida Real brave, James! Rodriguez saves pitch invader in Colombia shirt from tough security James Rodriguez helped fan escape clutches of Madrid staff Is that Jason Statham on the diving board?  Jason Statham is now a Hollywood star but once competed in the Commonwealth Games in Auckland AC Milan aim to bring back Liverpool's old Spice Boys look  New AC Milan coach Pippo Inzaghi is aiming to make his stint in charge memorable  Breaking news: Sky Sports News to undergo complete overhaul Sky Sports News will relaunch on August 12 under the name Sky Sports News HQ Dzeko delights local school children on visit back home Manchester City striker Edin Dzeko found time out to visit a fledgling football school Sami makes a splash! Khedira and girlfriend leap into lagoon on well-earned holiday After a long and gruelling season Sami Khedira can finally relax Mourinho is streets ahead... Boss leads Chelsea squad on walk in Austria Jose Mourinho and his Chelsea squad looked relaxed in Velden What a tank! Pogba takes in New York dressed in bizarre top Paul Pogba is one of teh world's best midfielders but unfortunately his fashion lags well behind Barcelona sign Mathieu in £16m deal as Nou Camp shake-up continues Barcelona have completed the signing of Jeremy Mathieu Is that your poker face, Neymar? Brazil striker enjoys card game... and even keeps a miniature figure of himself close as good luck charm! West Ham get Wellington boot! Zarate can't save Hammers' blushes in New Zealand Winston Reid's homecoming didn't go to script for Big Sam Wacky kits featuring tuxedos, pints of beer and octopus tentacles! Two football clubs in Spain release three contenders for the most unusual kits EVER! Campbell enjoys romantic break in Paris with girlfriend Costa Rica star on brink of finally joining up with Arsenal for pre-season training after World Cup Salford City Red-faces? Scholes and Neville can't stop defeat Manchester United legends Paul Scholes and Phil Neville watched their side crushed Club legends Beckham and Evra attend Man United's pre-season training in Los Angeles Surprise guests ahead of Red Devils' friendly against LA Galaxy Lambert chats with Kop Idol Dalglish during Liverpool's U.S tour Boyhood red spoke to legend during training session at Harvard University on Tuesday Caulker signs for QPR in £8m deal from Cardiff Defender convinced to move to Loftus Road by the prospect of playing alongside role model Ferdinand next season Ronaldo... Matrix style! (well, sort of) Ceal Madrid ace stars in ridiculous haircare advert... before heading a giant ball of dandruff to blow it up! Meet the new Blues brothers! Costa, Fabregas and Luis paraded by Chelsea The trio of new signings were shown off at the club's camp in Austria Watch your back, Leo... Messi meets superfan who has Barcelona star's name and number as giant tattoo Lionel Messi met an obsessed supporter 'How you doin'?' Arsenal players attempt New York accents ahead of stateside trip Gunners stars couldn't wait to practice their American accents Meet Mr & Mrs Djokovic! Wimbledon champion shares happy picture of new wife Novak Djokovic is loving life right now and who could blame him? Is that the best a man can get? Ireland prop Cian Healy has a shave to remember Cian Healy isn't one to mess about on the rugby field, but he's fun off it Real superstars fit right in as Bale and Co arrive in Hollywood for pre-season showdowns Beverley Hills is no stranger to the world's most famous faces Leicester complete £7m deal for Brighton striker Ulloa Leicester have signed striker Leonardo Ulloa from Brighton for around £7m. BT Sport cut to adverts during stadium tribute to Newcastle fans killed in MH17 crash Broadcaster only returned to coverage halfway through silence Newcastle new boys impress during win against Sydney Siem de Jong and Emmanuel Riviere found the net during the victory against Sydney Balotelli demands £5m-a-year salary (after tax) from Arsenal as AC Milan try to offload fiery Italy striker Currently in New York with girlfriend Fanny Liverpool train at Harvard University as Remy flies out to America for medical Reds stars train as owner's wife poses with new shirt Gardner sent off in first game for West Brom as Dorrans secures win West Brom needed a first half penalty from Graham Dorrans to defeat Sacramento Crazy! Downing celebrates turning 30 with some mini golf  West Ham have been kicking off their pre-season in New Zealand Bristol City defender Osborne suffers horror injury during pre-season friendly in Botswana WARNING GRAPHIC IMAGE: Defender left with nasty HOLE in his leg Gerrard RETIRES from international football after World Cup woe England captain Steven Gerrard ends his international career to focus on Liverpool. Serena shows off bikini body during Croatian holiday Serena Williams looks to have recovered after dropping out of Wimbledon with a virus Liverpool and Man City eye Isco as Real Madrid prepare to offload stars Real Madrid look set to sell Isco to fund the James Rodriguez and Toni Kroos signings. Germany World Cup hero Neuer enjoys a well-earned break in Greece with girlfriend Manuel Neuer kicks back on holiday in Greece with girlfriend Kathrin Gilch Check out Terry's travel essentials A food processor, top of the range gadgets and Harry Redknapp's book are some of the things John Terry takes on tour Is it Ronaldo or Hannibal Lector? Real Madrid star Cristiano Ronaldo uploads an amusing picture of him wearing a face mask on holiday Chelsea new boys Costa and Luis (and Fabregas) don their club gear for pre-season tour New signings Diego Costa and Filipe Luis jet off to Austria Liverpool consider replacing Suarez with Real Madrid's Benzema  Liverpool are weighing up signing striker Karim Benzema to replace Luis Suarez at Anfield Real Madrid defender Ramos attends his brother's wedding to former Miss Spain Sergio Ramos and his partner Pilar Rubio get all dressed up Rooney and Mata enjoy a trip to Beverly Hills as Man United prepare for LA Galaxy test Wayne Rooney and Juan Mata make the most of pre-season training McIlroy wins first Open title at Hoylake to secure third leg of grand slam Rory McIlroy has joined the golfing greats by winning his third major by the age of 25 ...And former fiancee Wozniacki was also basking in some glory Caroline Wozniacki beat Roberta Vinci in straight sets to win the Istanbul Cup on Sunday Can you smell what The Rock is cooking? Beckham poses for picture with wrestling superstar David Beckham meets Dwayne Johnson  Felipe Massa is turned upside down as Brazilian crashes out of German GP at first turn Daniil Kyvat was also forced out of the race as his car burst into flames  Akinfenwa hits beast mode for Wimbledon against Chelsea Adebayo Akinfenwa, aka the strongest man in football, put in an excellent display McIlroy loses his cool after nuisance spectator attempted to disrupt him Rory McIlroy grew frustrated with a fan whose noise interrupted his backswing Oxlade-Chamberlain leaves behind miserable summer as Arsenal star gets back in the gym Oxlade-Chamberlain gave Arsenal fans a pre-season boost Drogba moves a step closer to a Stamford Bridge return as he texts old teammates to talk about coming back The legend looks set to return to the Bridge EXCLUSIVE: Bentley on playing for Redknapp and Arsene Wenger - and why he retired at 29 The 'New David Beckham' speaks to SAM CUNNINGHAM Chiellini puts Suarez biting scandal behind him by marrying long-term partner in Italy Juventus' Giorgio Chiellini weds Carolina Bonistalli in Livorno Season at glance Live tables Fixtures Scores Premier League Premier League Championship League One League Two Scottish Premiership Scottish Div 1 Scottish Div 2 Scottish Div 3 More tables More fixtures More scores Today's headlines Most Read Didier Drogba completes sensational Chelsea return and reunites with Jose Mourinho after seven years Dejan Lovren on brink of £20million move to Liverpool from Southampton Niki Lauda issues apology to Ferrari after calling this year's car 's***' Neil Fachie and Craig Maclean win tandem gold for Scotland at Sir Chris Hoy Velodrome Norwich City forced to apologise for reporting on the wrong opponents in bizarre pre-season dispute with... New Barcelona captain Andres Iniesta aims back to glory days of Pep Guardiola's reign Luis Suarez biting ban appeal could be heard before start of Barcelona's La Liga season, says Court of... Premier League transfer window 2014: What state is YOUR club in ahead of the new season? Sportsmail assesses... Yossi Benayoun hits out at 'stupid' Joey Barton after QPR midfielder condemns Israeli actions in Gaza Rhys Williams provisionally suspended from Commonwealth Games for doping James Rodriguez was signed 'for the future' says Real Madrid boss Carlo Ancelotti, who claims he wants to... Manchester United blunder gives thousands of fans chance to capitalise on club website error offering 60%... Fraizer Campbell signs three-year deal at Crystal Palace after leaving Cardiff Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho says he's finished his summer spending as he vows to let the youngsters have... Brendan Rodgers schools his players in Liverpool training at Harvard University as he prepares for the... Glen Johnson and Pepe Reina photobombed by 'odd character' on Liverpool's US tour Manchester United flop Bebe finally moves on as he joins Benfica for £2.4million - after just three starts... Liverpool £10m target Divock Origi wanted by Spanish champions Atletico Madrid West Brom boss Alan Irvine admits he has never seen £10m signing Ideye Brown play Angel di Maria transfer not complete says PSG coach Laurent Blanc as Manchester United retain interest in... MORE HEADLINES Frank Lampard promises to visit 9/11 memorial as New York City signing insists he didn't mean to insult US tourists in 2001 Reece James profile: Manchester United youngster scores twice vs LA Galaxy... but who is he? TRANSFER NEWS COLUMN: David Ospina set to complete Arsenal switch... and could Cristiano Ronaldo really leave Real Madrid? Arsene Wenger says Arsenal's German World Cup-winning stars will miss the start of the Premier League season Mario Gotze and Andre Schurrle continue their post-World Cup partying in style after leading Germany to glory in Brazil Premier League transfer window 2014: What state is YOUR club in ahead of the new season? Sportsmail assesses each side's summer business ahead of the big kick-off Arturo Vidal says he is NOT signing for Manchester United Didier Drogba's return to Chelsea moves closer as Jose Mourinho confirms he wants Blues legend back at Stamford Bridge Arsene Wenger jokes that he hoped Thierry Henry would wear the red shirt of Arsenal for one half of New York Red Bulls match Bacary Sagna takes to the beach with wife Ludivine before beginning life at Manchester City Louis van Gaal didn't ask me to be his assistant manager at Manchester United, says Ryan Giggs... he told me! Yossi Benayoun hits out at 'stupid' Joey Barton after QPR midfielder condemns Israeli actions in Gaza Manchester United 7-0 LA Galaxy MATCH REPORT: Ander Herrera impresses as Louis van Gaal earns victory in first game as boss Rafa Benitez compares Napoli's transfer market frustration to upgrading his wife for supermodel Claudia Schiffer James Rodriguez fever as Real Madrid sell 345,000 replica shirts in just 48 hours Maccabi Haifa's friendly with Lille stopped early after pro-Palestinian protesters storm the pitch and attack the players Manchester United 7-0 LA Galaxy: Wayne Rooney, Reece James and Ashley Young doubles ensure perfect start for Louis van Gaal Luis Suarez to make Barcelona debut against Real Madrid at the Bernabeu as released La Liga fixtures show El Clasico falls DAY AFTER striker's biting ban ends Javier Hernandez urged to join up with old team-mate Namanja Vidic at Inter while Atletico Madrid show interest in Mexican Didier Drogba completes sensational Chelsea return and reunites with Jose Mourinho after seven years MOST READ IN DETAIL Want a Date? Join Match.com Now for Free! more SPORTS EDITOR'S SIX OF THE BEST   NICO ROSBERG: Double points system is artificial and I don't like it, but winning is winning...   CHARLES SALE: Sir Bradley Wiggins has High Court date set for March as management dispute rumbles on through Commonwealth Games   Louis van Gaal didn't ask me to be his assistant manager at Manchester United, says Ryan Giggs... he told me!   Jos Buttler at 16 had even more talent than England legend Ian Botham, says school coach   Frank Lampard promises to visit 9/11 memorial as New York City signing insists he didn't mean to insult US tourists in 2001   YOUR ULTIMATE COMMONWEALTH GAMES GUIDE: Find out when and where you can see the stars... LATEST SPORT COLUMNS NICO ROSBERG: Double points system is artificial and I don't like it, but winning is winning... CHARLES SALE: Sir Bradley Wiggins has High Court date set for March as management dispute rumbles on through Commonwealth Games PAUL NEWMAN: Clamour for Joe Root to be England captain shows dearth of leaders in county game JAMIE REDKNAPP: England never managed to get the best out of Steven Gerrard JAMIE CARRAGHER: Steven Gerrard made a good decision retiring from England duty BUMBLE AT THE TEST: England's coaching staff should be concerned and the batting line up is out of touch CHARLES SALE: Duncan Fletcher still bitter about England axe following acrimonious scenes at Lord's MARTIN SAMUEL: If Michel Platini and Co's Financial Fair Play is such a gift to club owners, why will nobody buy Aston Villa? JONATHAN MCEVOY: Lewis Hamilton is in the flying squad but he couldn't nab Nico Rosberg as he cruised to victory in Germany NASSER HUSSAIN: England's only hope is to attack - they need to completely change their mindset if they are to have any chance of winning this Test LAURA WILLIAMSON: Ian Thorpe was right to hide his sexuality as the pressure of being in the spotlight stops athletes from coming out MAD DOG ON MONDAY: Germany are like a Mercedes-Benz! The World Cup winners are a different class... and Liverpool were right to get rid of brilliant Luis Suarez RIO FERDINAND: England can do everything Germany have done... here's my five-point plan to turning us around STUART BROAD: Jimmy Anderson's record-breaking stand had us glued to our seats (except trips to the loo) PATRICK COLLINS: Alastair Cook is paying the price of high office as England captain fails to hide the desperation JAMIE CARRAGHER: There is no guarantee that Luis Suarez will shine beside Lionel Messi at Barcelona MARTIN KEOWN: Lionel Messi and Arjen Robben are the key men as Argentina face Holland... and here's why Louis van Gaal will continue to boss it JAMIE REDKNAPP: Germany are no more than a good team but Brazil made them look like world-beaters NEIL ASHTON: Louis van Gaal is a Dutch master, a flexible, daring coach with an aura of greatness preparing Holland for semi-finals... England should have stayed, watched and learned JEFF POWELL: Floyd Mayweather would be knocked out by the tax man if he decided to fight Marcos Maidana in New York after getting license MARTIN KEOWN: Chelsea duo Oscar and Willian must step up and fill Neymar's boots JAMIE CARRAGHER: Understudy Dante has to play a star role in absence of Thiago Silva MARTIN SAMUEL: There will be a life of pain for Neymar and Co if FIFA don't act... we must STOP our star players being kicked to pieces PATRICK COLLINS: Andy Murray is an authentic achiever who carries the state of British tennis on his shoulders... we are wrong to write him off JOHN LLOYD EXCLUSIVE: Andy Murray must get back the mental control which Ivan Lendl brought to his game RIO FERDINAND: Louis van Gaal gets my vote as a World Cup Special One but I'd prefer Glenn Hoddle to Roy Hodgson JAMIE REDKNAPP: Neymar and James Rodriguez are gold stars battling to score the perfect 10         FOOTBALLERS' FOOTBALL COLUMN ARCHIVE MATT TAYLOR: West Ham midfielder PETER ODEMWINGIE - Stoke striker DANNY HIGGINBOTHAM: Gibraltar defender RAY PARLOUR: Ex-Arsenal midfielder PETER TAYLOR - Gillingham boss LEON OSMAN - Everton midfielder GRAHAM WESTLEY - Stevenage boss MICHEL VORM - Swansea goalkeeper CHARLIE I'ANSON - Elche defender GRAHAM KAVANAGH - Carlisle boss BENITO CARBONE: Former Wednesday striker RICHARD LEE - Brentford goalkeeper LOUIS SAHA - Former Fulham and United striker MARK NOBLE: West Ham midfielder JASON EUELL: Charlton coach TOMASZ KUSZCZAK: Brighton goalkeeper STEVE HARPER: Hull goalkeeper MICHAEL JOHNSON - Former Derby defender CLINT HILL - QPR defender DEAN LEWINGTON - MK Dons defender MARTIN GRAY - Darlington boss JUSTIN EDINBURGH: Tottenham stalwart MATT JARVIS: West Ham winger MARTIN ALLEN - ex-Gillingham boss KEITH ANDREWS - Brighton midfielder KEVIN LISBIE - Leyton Orient striker PAUL ROBINSON - Blackburn keeper PETER ODEMWINGIE - Cardiff striker FRANK McPARLAND - Liverpool director MARCUS GAYLE: Staines Town manager CLARKE CARLISLE - ex-PFA chairman MICHAEL JOHNSON - Football League expert GRANT HOLT - Wigan striker EMMANUEL PETIT - Arsenal legend GEORGE ELOKOBI: Wolves midfielder SERGIO TORRES - Crawley midfielder ALAN WRIGHT - Southport boss BRYAN ROBSON - Former England captain STEVE MORISON - Millwall striker DANNY MURPHY - Former pro turned pundit GARY TAYLOR-FLETCHER - Leicester forward VICTOR WANYAMA - Southampton midfielder AHMED ELMOHAMADY - Hull midfielder PAULO SOUSA - Maccabi Tel-Aviv boss BRYAN HUGHES - ex-Birmingham star IAN RUSH - Liverpool legend NATHAN ELLINGTON - ex-Wigan forward ROBBIE FOWLER - ex-Liverpool striker HOWARD WEBB - FIFA referee JORDI CRUYFF - Maccabi Tel Aviv manager GRAHAM STACK - Barnet goalkeeper SEBASTIEN BASSONG - Norwich captain UGO EHIOGU - Spurs coach PETER SCHMEICHEL: Ex-United goalkeeper TREVOR SINCLAIR - Ex-England winger         From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SPORTSMAIL HALL OF FAME Roy Keane: He's always spoken his mind but on the pitch his feet did the talking - this all-action hero could do everything (including taming Vieira) Zinedine Zidane: He was God, the King, the Master, a man for the big occasion - however, there'll always be a butt Jackie Joyner-Kersee: Heptathlon's original Golden Girl who became the First Lady of track and field Steffi Graf: Germany's golden girl was queen of the court and the greatest sportswoman who ever lived Ronaldo: The assassin who made you smile as he ruled the world and scored goals for fun Sam Tomkins: The Superman of Super League who lifted an entire sport Sir Steve Redgrave: The British Bulldog who refused to lose and who set the gold standard for our Olympians George Best: Confident, fast, fearless, the most gifted star to grace British football Michael Johnson: A record-breaker who owned the track and was so special he could even pull off those golden spikes Diego Maradona: He had the Hand of God and a divine left foot and was perhaps the greatest footballer of all-time Richie McCaw: The All Blacks' most decorated captain who is one of the true rugby greats Desert Orchid: Glorious grey who won the hearts of the nation Ayrton Senna: Master of the track who lived life on the edge and whose shadow still hangs over F1 Tiger Woods by Derek Lawrenson... the man who ripped up the record books to elevate golf to new heights Muhammad Ali by Jeff Powell... The world's greatest in and out of the ring Seb Coe by Matt Lawton... from Olympics glory to running London 2012, why he's Britain's Golden Boy Graham Gooch by Nasser Hussain... he was the best cricketer I ever played with Roger Federer by Mike Dickson... the tennis legend is the first into our Hall of Fame         SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Mobile Apps RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network Evening Standard This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Villa Holidays Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us Advertise with us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
http://www.topgear.com/uk/car-news/robert-kubica-crash-rally-italy-2011-02-06
Skip to content Skip to navigation Skip to search Homepage Accessibility help Access keys help Change Country United Kingdom Australia India Malaysia Netherlands Poland Romania Russia Singapore South Africa United States Top Gear Site search Search topgear.com for Go Site Navigation Home News Car News First Drives Motorsport Latest from the Top Gear TV Show Win Stuff McLaren P1: sold out Want the new 903bhp hypercar? You can’t have it. And it's our fault More Advertisement feature Cars Car Reviews Car Chooser Galleries Top Gear Garage Alfa Romeo 4C: driven The long-awaited Alfa is hugely seductive and irritatingly inconsistent More The Show The Top Gear blog Series Guide Latest from Clarkson Latest from Hammond Latest from May Latest from The Stig Who is the Stig? Guide to Top Gear Track Celebrity Lap Board Behind the scenes with Tom Hiddleston More action from possibly the wettest celebrity lap ever… More Videos Full Video Archive Road Tests The Stig Star In A Reasonably-Priced Car The Big Films Exclusive Online Extras James May talks budget supercars Video: Captain Slow talks you around the Ferrari 458 Spider, McLaren 12C Spider and Audi R8 Spyder More Games Online Games Our brand new games section Now featuring over 75 of the finest time-wasters More Shop Top Gear Magazine Top Gear Live Tickets to Top Gear DVD & Blu-ray Books T-Shirts Gifts & Gadgets Fully interactive iPad magazine More videos, more images, more interaction, more TG More Vijay Pattni06 February 2011 Kubica in rally crash UPDATE: Robert Kubica underwent a seven-hour operation to rebuild the function of his right forearm Related content Kubica: I’ll be back on F1 grid this year Richard races a Bugatti Veyron against a McLaren F1 part 1 (series 13, episode 2) Liuzzi’s F1 car runs over marshal Robert Kubica underwent a seven-hour operation in hospital to repair the injuries to his right hand yesterday. A statement from Lotus-Renault said the F1 driver also suffered severe cuts to his forearm, which could have an impact on his right-hand mobility. "Doctors are reasonably satisfied with the way the operation went", says Lotus-Renault. "Robert's condition remains stable, but serious. He has been placed into an induced coma." Kubica's right forearm was cut in two places, with ‘significant lesions to the bones and the tendons', according to Professor Mario Igor Rossello at San Paolo Hospital. "We did our best to rebuild the functions of the forearm," said Rossello. "It took seven doctors, split into two teams and a total of seven hours to complete the operation. "At the end of the operation, Robert's hand was well vascularised and warm, which is encouraging. Following the surgery, Robert Kubica will remain under permanent monitoring because his condition remains serious." The F1 driver was driving a Skoda Fabia S2000 rally car when it hit a wall in the Ronde di Andora Rally in Italy yesterday morning.  Co-driver Jakub Gerber escaped unharmed, but Kubica had to be carefully removed from the wreckage by fireman and was immediately airlifted to the Santa Corona Hospital close to Genoa. In 2003 Kubica suffered severe injuries to the same hand and was left with titanium bolts to secure the shattered bones. It now means his start to the 2011 F1 season which kicks off in Bahrain next month has been put in jeopardy. Lotus-Renault's official third drivers are Romain Grosjean, and F1 legend Ayrton Senna's nephew, Bruno Senna. Rubens Barrichello has offered a message of support via his Twitter page. The Brazilian said: "I would like to ask you for your best wishes to Kubica. He is being operated right now. We all like him and he deserves all the best." 2009 F1 champ Jenson Button tweeted: "Shocking news about Robert Kubica. I wish him a speedy recovery." Now share it... Email Share Tweet +1 What do you think? This service is provided by Disqus and is subject to their privacy policy and terms of use. Please read Top Gear's code of conduct (link below) before posting. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. More from Top Gear Advertisement Get more Top Gear: Top Gear The Stig BBC_TopGear Mobile apps Magazine Google+ Advertisements Ads by Google Best of TopGear Most Viewed Top Gear's Fifty Shades of Grey The trailer for the film has been released. So here's the Top Gear version... Here comes the McLaren P1 GTR The first digital scribble of the 986bhp track-only hyper-hybrid. For when a normal P1 just isn't enough Jeremy tests the Ford Fiesta (series 12, episode 6) Jeremy’s most grown-up car test ever. With added guns and Corvettes… The new Bugatti is coming in 2016 Head of VW Group design confirms next hypercar is on its way. And it will be ‘art’ First drive: Dodge Challenger SRT Hellcat The most powerful production muscle car… in the world. Can it go round corners? Pat Devereux investigates Advertisement Links Advertisement Subscribe to our magazine Save up to 30% on the cover price Subscribe now Top Gear Shop T-shirts, DVDs, CDs, books and more Buy now Accessibility Site Terms Privacy Policy Code of conduct Contact us Advertise with us Cookies Policy © BBC Worldwide Ltd. The Top Gear word mark and logo are trademarks of the BBC and are used under licence Top Gear international sites: Australia India Malaysia Netherlands Poland Romania Russia Singapore South Africa United Kingdom United States This website is made by BBC Worldwide. More about BBC Worldwide BBC Worldwide is a commercial company that is owned by the BBC (and just the BBC). No money from the licence fee was used to create this website. The profits we make from it go back to BBC programme-makers to help fund great new BBC programmes. Open Car Bar Car Chooser Compare Car Bar full x Click to add cars to the Car Bar Close Help Advertisement
http://www.smh.com.au/sport/motorsport/kubica-in-surgery-after-horror-crash-20110206-1aijk.html
Skip to navigation Skip to content Help using this website - Accessibility statement JavaScript disabled. Please enable JavaScript to use My News, My Clippings, My Comments and user settings. My News My Clippings My Comments My Benefits Today's Paper Subscribe Log in Register Personalise your news, save articles to read later and customise settings If you have trouble accessing our login form below, you can go to our login page. If you have trouble accessing our login form below, you can go to our login page. The Sydney Morning Herald Sport NRL League HQ News Ladder Fixtures Player Stats Tipping Ultimate League Union Rugby Heaven News Super Rugby Rugby World Cup Rugby Championship Six Nations Club & Provincial International Calendar Live Scores Glasgow 2014 Football A-League Fixtures EPL Live Scores Champions League Live Scores La Liga Live Scores Cricket Cricket Live Scores Golf Live Golf Leaderboards Racing AFL Real Footy News Ladder Fixtures Player Stats Ultimate Footy Tennis Live Tennis Scores Basketball Cycling F1 Formula One Live Race Tracker Moto GP Live Race Tracker Ultimate League Scores More Netball Sailing Boxing/MMA Swimming Athletics You are here: Home Sport Motorsport Search smh: Search in: Sport smh.com.au Web Sport Kubica in surgery after horror crash Motorsport Date February 6, 2011 (0) Read later Twitter submit to reddit Email article Print Crash ... the wrecked car of Formula One driver Robert Kubica Photo: AP Polish Formula One driver Robert Kubica was undergoing surgery on Sunday after suffering serious multiple injuries in a high-speed rally crash which could place his world championship future in doubt. The 26-year-old Lotus Renault driver was at the wheel of a Skoda Fabia, taking part in the Ronde di Andora Rally in Liguria in the north-west of Italy, when his vehicle left the road and crashed into a church wall. He was flown to the Santa Corona hospital in nearby Pietra Ligure where he underwent surgery. Injured ... rescue workers carry away Formula One driver Robert Kubica. Photo: Reuters ‘‘Surgeons are trying to restore the functionality of his right hand,’’ Kubica’s manager Daniel Morelli told reporters outside the hospital. Advertisement &lt;\/iframe&gt;'); } function renderJIFAd(holderID, adID, srcUrl, width, height, hash, bodyAttributes) { setHash(document.getElementById(holderID), hash); document.dcdAdsR.push(adID); document.write('&lt;iframe id=&quot;' + adID + '&quot; src=&quot;javascript: ;&quot; width=&quot;' + width + '&quot; height=&quot;' + height + '&quot; scrolling=&quot;no&quot; marginheight=&quot;0&quot; marginwidth=&quot;0&quot; allowtransparency=&quot;true&quot; frameborder=&quot;0&quot;&gt;&lt;\/iframe&gt;'); var body = '&lt;html&gt;&lt;head&gt;&lt;/head&gt;&lt;body ' + bodyAttributes + '&gt;&lt;scr' + 'ipt src=&quot;' + srcUrl + '&quot;&gt;&lt;/sc + 'ript&gt;&lt;/body&gt;&lt;/html&gt;'; var fr = document.getElementById(adID); setHash(fr, hash); fr.body = body; var doc = getFrameDocument(fr); doc.open(); doc.write(body); setTimeout(function() {closeDoc(getFrameDocument(document.getElementById(adID)))}, 2000); } function renderJIFAdWithInterim(holderID, adID, srcUrl, width, height, hash, bodyAttributes) { setHash(document.getElementById(holderID), hash); document.dcdAdsR.push(adID); document.write('&lt;iframe id=&quot;' + adID + '&quot; src=&quot; '+ srcUrl +'&quot; width=&quot;' + width + '&quot; height=&quot;' + height + '&quot; scrolling=&quot;no&quot; marginheight=&quot;0&quot; marginwidth=&quot;0&quot; allowtransparency=&quot;true&quot; frameborder=&quot;0&quot;&gt;&lt;\/iframe&gt;'); } function renderIJAd(holderID, adID, srcUrl, hash) { document.dcdAdsAA.push(holderID); setHash(document.getElementById(holderID), hash); document.write('&lt;scr' + 'ipt src=&quot;' + srcUrl + '&quot; id=&quot;' + adID + '&quot;&gt;&lt;/sc + 'ript&gt;'); } function renderJAd(holderID, adID, srcUrl, hash) { document.dcdAdsAA.push(holderID); setHash(document.getElementById(holderID), hash); document.dcdAdsH.push(holderID); document.dcdAdsI.push(adID); document.dcdAdsU.push(srcUrl); } function er_showAd() { var regex = new RegExp(&quot;externalReferrer=(.*?)(; |&amp;|$)&quot;, &quot;gi&quot;); var value = regex.exec(document.cookie); if (value &amp;&amp; value.length == 3) { var externalReferrer = value[1]; return (!FD.isInternalReferrer() || ((externalReferrer) &amp;&amp; (externalReferrer &gt; 0))); } return false; } function isHome() { var loc = &quot;&quot; + window.location; loc = loc.replace(&quot;//&quot;, &quot;&quot;); var tokens = loc.split(&quot;/&quot;); if (tokens.length == 1) { return true; } else if (tokens.length == 2) { if (tokens[1].trim().length == 0) { return true; } } return false; } function checkAds(checkStrings) { var cs = checkStrings.split(','); for (var i = 0; i &lt; document.dcdAdsAA.length; i++) { var cAd = document.getElementById(document.dcdAdsAA[i]); document.dcdAdsAG.push(cAd.hash); for (var j = 0; j &lt; cs.length; j++) { var c = cs[j].trim(); if (c.length &gt; 0 &amp;&amp; cAd.innerHTML.indexOf(c) &gt; 0) { document.dcdAdsAI.push(cAd.hash); cAd.style.display ='none'; } } } if (!ie) { for (var i = 0; i &lt; document.dcdAdsR.length; i++) { var fr = document.getElementById(document.dcdAdsR[i]); if (fr) { document.dcdAdsAG.push(fr.hash); var doc = getFrameDocument(fr); for (var j = 0; j &lt; cs.length; j++) { var c = cs[j].trim(); if (c.length &gt; 0 &amp;&amp; doc.body.innerHTML.indexOf(c) &gt; 0) { document.dcdAdsAI.push(fr.hash); fr.style.display ='none'; } } } } } if (document.dcdAdsAI.length &gt; 0 || document.dcdAdsAG.length &gt; 0) { var pingServerParams = &quot;i=&quot;; var sep = &quot;&quot;; for (var i=0;i&lt; document.dcdAdsAI.length; i++) { pingServerParams += sep + document.dcdAdsAI[i]; sep = &quot;,&quot;; } } document.pingServerAdParams = pingServerParams; } function adSuppress(id) { var div = document.getElementById(id); div.style.display = 'none'; document.dcdAdsAI.push(div.hash); document.pingServerAdParams = 'i=' + document.dcdAdsAI.join(','); } function pingAdStatus() { if (isHome ()) { return; } if (document.pingServerAdParams &amp;&amp; document.pingServerAdParams.length &gt; 0) { var pingServerUrl = &quot;/action/pingServerAction?&quot; + document.pingServerAdParams; var xmlHttp = null; try { xmlHttp = new XMLHttpRequest(); } catch(e) { try { xmlHttp = new ActiveXObject(&quot;Microsoft.XMLHttp&quot;); } catch(e) { xmlHttp = null; } } if (xmlHttp != null) { xmlHttp.open( &quot;GET&quot;, pingServerUrl, true); xmlHttp.send( null ); } } } function initAds(log) { for (var i=0;i&lt; document.dcdAdsU.length; i++) { var shadowHolder = document.getElementById(&quot;adShD&quot; + i); var targetHolder = document.getElementById(document.dcdAdsH[i]); if (shadowHolder &amp;&amp; targetHolder) { var adNodes = new Array(); for (var j=0; j&lt;shadowHolder.childNodes.length; j++) { var child = shadowHolder.childNodes[j]; if (child.nodeName.toLowerCase() != &quot;script&quot;) { adNodes.push(child); } } appendNodesToTargetHolder(targetHolder, shadowHolder, adNodes); } } if (er_showAd()) { for (var i=0;i&lt; document.dcdAdsE.length; i++) { var erAd = document.getElementById(document.dcdAdsEH[i]); erAd.className = document.dcdAdsEC[i]; erAd.appendChild(document.dcdAdsE[i]); } } if (log) { console.log(document.igCount + &quot;/&quot; + document.tCount); } } function appendNodesToTargetHolder(targetHolder, shadowHolder, adNodes) { var changeMethod = 0; /** appendChild **/ var placeholder = targetHolder; if (targetHolder.children) { for (var i=0; i &lt; targetHolder.children.length; i++) { var child = targetHolder.children[i]; if (child.tagName &amp;&amp; child.tagName.toLowerCase() == &quot;small&quot;) { if (placeholder.tagName.toLowerCase() == &quot;small&quot;) { placeholder = child; changeMethod = 1; /** prepend, since this is the second small tag **/ } else { if (i &lt; (targetHolder.children.length -1)) { placeholder = child; changeMethod = 2; /** append, since this is the first small and its not the last child**/ } else { placeholder = child; changeMethod = 1; /** prepend, since this is the first small but last child **/ } } } } } for (var i=0; i &lt; adNodes.length; i++) { switch(changeMethod) { case 2: placeholder.parentNode.insertBefore(shadowHolder.removeChild(adNodes[i]), placeholder.nextSibling); placeholder = placeholder.nextSibling; break; case 1: placeholder.parentNode.insertBefore(shadowHolder.removeChild(adNodes[i]), placeholder.previousSibling); break; default: placeholder.appendChild(shadowHolder.removeChild(adNodes[i])); } } } function isInterimEnable(frame){ var iFrame_src = frame.src; var interim = iFrame_src.indexOf(&quot;adinterim&quot;); if(interim &lt; 0 ){ return false; }else{ return true; } } function getCurrentOrd(srcurl){ var currentOrg = &quot;&quot;; currentOrg = srcurl.split(&quot;ord=&quot;)[1]; if(currentOrg.indexOf(&quot;?&quot;) &lt; 0){ return currentOrg }else{ return currentOrg.split(&quot;?&quot;)[0]; } } document.refreshAds = function rAds(adID) { if (document.dcdAdsR) { document.dcdsAdsToClose = new Array(); for (var i=0;i&lt; document.dcdAdsR.length; i++) { var fr = document.getElementById(document.dcdAdsR[i]); if (fr) { if (!ie &amp;&amp; !isInterimEnable(fr)) { if (!adID || adID ==&quot;*&quot; || fr.parentNode.id==adID ) { var chNodes = new Array(); for (var j=0; j&lt;fr.parentNode.childNodes.length; j++) { var child = fr.parentNode.childNodes[j]; if (!(child.nodeName.toLowerCase() == &quot;script&quot; || child.nodeName.toLowerCase() == &quot;iframe&quot;) || child.nodeName.toLowerCase() == &quot;small&quot;) { chNodes.push(child); } } for (var j=0; j&lt;chNodes.length; j++) { if (!child.nodeName.toLowerCase() == &quot;small&quot;) { chNodes[j].parentNode.removeChild(chNodes[j]); } } var doc = getFrameDocument(fr); while (doc.childNodes.length &gt; 0) { doc.removeChild(doc.childNodes[0]); } doc.open(); var newBody = fr.body; if (getCurrentOrd(newBody) != &quot;&quot; ) { newBody = newBody.replace(&quot;;ord=&quot;+getCurrentOrd(newBody), &quot;;ord=&quot; + Math.floor(100000000*Math.random())); } else { newBody = newBody.replace(&quot;;ord=&quot;, &quot;;ord=&quot; + Math.floor(100000000*Math.random())); } doc.write(newBody); document.dcdsAdsToClose.push(fr.id); } } else { var newSrc = fr.src; if (getCurrentOrd(newSrc) != &quot;&quot; ) { newSrc = newSrc.replace(&quot;;ord=&quot;+getCurrentOrd(newSrc), &quot;;ord=&quot; + Math.floor(100000000*Math.random())); } else { newSrc = newSrc.replace(&quot;;ord=&quot;, &quot;;ord=&quot; + Math.floor(100000000*Math.random())); } fr.src = newSrc; } } } if (document.dcdsAdsToClose.length &gt; 0) { setTimeout(function() {closeOpenDocuments(document.dcdsAdsToClose)}, 500); } } }; var ie = isIE(); if(ie &amp;&amp; typeof String.prototype.trim !== 'function') { String.prototype.trim = function() { return this.replace(/^\s+|\s+$/g, ''); }; } document.dcdAdsH = new Array(); document.dcdAdsI = new Array(); document.dcdAdsU = new Array(); document.dcdAdsR = new Array(); document.dcdAdsEH = new Array(); document.dcdAdsE = new Array(); document.dcdAdsEC = new Array(); document.dcdAdsAA = new Array(); document.dcdAdsAI = new Array(); document.dcdAdsAG = new Array(); document.dcdAdsToClose = new Array(); document.igCount = 0; document.tCount = 0; var dcOrd = Math.floor(100000000*Math.random()); document.dcAdsCParams = &quot;&quot;; var savValue = getAdCookie(&quot;sav&quot;); if (savValue != null &amp;&amp; savValue.length &gt; 2) { document.dcAdsCParams = savValue + &quot;;&quot;; } document.dcAdsCParams += &quot;csub={csub};&quot;; var aamCookie=function(e,t){var i=document.cookie,n=&quot;&quot;;return i.indexOf(e)&gt;-1&amp;&amp;(n=&quot;u=&quot;+i.split(e+&quot;=&quot;)[1].split(&quot;;&quot;)[0]+&quot;;&quot;),i.indexOf(t)&gt;-1&amp;&amp;(n=n+decodeURIComponent(i.split(t+&quot;=&quot;)[1].split(&quot;;&quot;)[0])+&quot;;&quot;),n}(&quot;aam_did&quot;,&quot;aam_dest_dfp_legacy&quot;); &lt;/script&gt; &lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot;&gt; var externalReferrerAds = window.externalReferrerAds || []; externalReferrerAds.push(function () { var externalReferrer=getAdCookie(&quot;externalReferrer&quot;); if(externalReferrer!=&quot;&quot;){ var titan = window.titan || {}; titan.requestConditionalAd = titan.requestConditionalAd || []; titan.requestConditionalAd.push(&quot;conditionalAd-300x250-pos-3&quot;); } }); &lt;/script&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;p&gt;&amp;#8216;&amp;#8216;They have restarted the circulation of blood and repaired the bone structure. Now they have to think about the muscle functionality but Robert has a very strong character, he&amp;#8217;ll be OK.&amp;#8217;&amp;#8217;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;Kubica is reported to have taken a bend at speed at 8.30am when he lost control and hit a guard rail which broke down the drivers&amp;#8217; door and bent the roll-bar.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;!-- cT-imageLandscape --&gt; &lt;div class=&quot;cT-imageLandscape&quot;&gt; &lt;img src=&quot;http://images.smh.com.au/2011/02/06/2170211/kubica-420x0.jpg&quot; alt=&quot;Polish driver Robert Kubica poses during the presentation of the new Lotus Renault GP R31.&quot; itemprop=&quot;image&quot;/&gt; &lt;p&gt;Polish driver Robert Kubica poses during the presentation of the new Lotus Renault GP R31. &lt;em&gt;Photo: AFP&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;p&gt;The car ended up in the wall of the local church. His co-driver, Jacub Gerber, emerged from the wreck unhurt but Kubica remained inside.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;He is said to have been conscious when emergency services removed him from the vehicle.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;He was then transferred to hospital by helicopter suffering from multiple fractures and internal trauma.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&amp;#8216;&amp;#8216;After undergoing extensive medical tests this morning Robert Kubica has been diagnosed with multiple fractures to his right arm, leg and hand,&amp;#8217;&amp;#8217; said a Lotus Renault team statement.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&amp;#8216;&amp;#8216;He is currently undergoing surgery at the Santa Corona hospital in Pietra Ligure.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&amp;#8216;&amp;#8216;(He) suffered an accident at high speed this morning... The driver was airlifted to Pietra Ligure Hospital where he is currently undergoing medical checks. His co-driver is fine.&amp;#8217;&amp;#8217;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;Italian media claimed his life was not in danger, but he may lose full use of his hand.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;With the start of the new F1 season just five weeks away, it&amp;#8217;s likely that reserve driver Bruno Senna will be called in to take Kubica&amp;#8217;s place at the Bahrain opener.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;Lotus Renault team principal Eric Boullier he was shocked by the accident.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&amp;#8216;&amp;#8216;Robert is someone we like a lot. It is extremely sad. We are all really shocked,&amp;#8217;&amp;#8217; said Boullier.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&amp;#8216;&amp;#8216;He has multiple fractures. His hand is injured. It is too early and impolite to think of a replacement driver. We are waiting for news of Robert and how long he will be out of action before we think of taking such a decision.&amp;#8217;&amp;#8217;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;It is not the first time the Pole has been involved in a horror crash, after he hit a wall at 300km/h during the Canadian Grand Prix in 2007.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;Driving for Sauber, Kubica slid off the circuit and crashed into a wall, before rebounding across the track in a barrel roll and hitting another barrier.Kubica, however, was not seriously injured, sustaining nothing more serious than a sprained ankle and slight concussion, forcing him to miss just one Grand Prix after the incident.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;Williams veteran Rubens Barrichello wrote on Twitter: &amp;#8216;&amp;#8216;I would like to ask you for your best wishes to Kubica. He is being operated (on) right now. We all like him and he deserves all the best.&amp;#8217;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;AFP&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/div&gt;&lt;!-- class:articleBody --&gt; &lt;div class=&quot;ad adSpot-textBox&quot;&gt; &lt;ins id=&quot;moreGoogleAds&quot; class=&quot;adsbygoogle&quot;&gt;&lt;/ins&gt; &lt;/div&gt;&lt;!-- class:ad adSpot-textBox --&gt; &lt;div id=&quot;jobs&quot; data-jobsBrand=&quot;smh&quot; data-jobsSkew=&quot;light2&quot; data-jobsWidth=&quot;620&quot; data-jobsHeight=&quot;210&quot;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;!-- id:jobs --&gt; &lt;div class=&quot;customSuggestions cfix hidden&quot; data-siteid=&quot;9222289450909506993&quot; data-brand=&quot;smh.com.au&quot; data-section=&quot;Sport&quot; data-clippable=&quot;true&quot;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div class=&quot;OUTBRAIN&quot; data-src=&quot;http://www.smh.com.au/sport/motorsport/kubica-in-surgery-after-horror-crash-20110206-1aijk.html&quot; data-widget-id=&quot;AR_1&quot; data-ob-template=&quot;The_Sydney_Morning_Herald_Fairfax&quot;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div class=&quot;OUTBRAIN&quot; data-src=&quot;http://www.smh.com.au/sport/motorsport/kubica-in-surgery-after-horror-crash-20110206-1aijk.html&quot; data-widget-id=&quot;AR_10&quot; data-ob-template=&quot;The_Sydney_Morning_Herald_Fairfax&quot; &gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div class=&quot;meta&quot;&gt; &lt;ul class=&quot;social cfix&quot;&gt; &lt;!--We need to call this as a dynamic component, to many variants meant i had to start hacking it for different sections --&gt; &lt;li class=&quot;tweet&quot;&gt; &lt;a href=&quot;http://twitter.com/share&quot; class=&quot;twitter-share-button&quot; data-count=&quot;horizontal&quot; data-url=&quot;http://www.smh.com.au/sport/motorsport/kubica-in-surgery-after-horror-crash-20110206-1aijk.html&quot; data-via=&quot;smh&quot; data-text=&quot;Kubica in surgery after horror crash&quot; onclick=&quot;trackShare('twitter')&quot;&gt;Twitter&lt;/a&gt; &lt;/li&gt; &lt;li class=&quot;fblike&quot;&gt;&lt;fb:like href=&quot;http://www.smh.com.au/sport/motorsport/kubica-in-surgery-after-horror-crash-20110206-1aijk.html&quot; send=&quot;false&quot; layout=&quot;button_count&quot; width=&quot;100&quot; show_faces=&quot;false&quot; action=&quot;recommend&quot; font=&quot;arial&quot;&gt;&lt;/fblike&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li class=&quot;gplus&quot;&gt;&lt;div class=&quot;g-plus&quot; data-action=&quot;share&quot; data-href=&quot;http://www.smh.com.au/sport/motorsport/kubica-in-surgery-after-horror-crash-20110206-1aijk.html&quot; data-annotation=&quot;bubble&quot; data-onstartinteraction=&quot;gplusCallback&quot;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li class=&quot;linkedin&quot;&gt;&lt;script type=&quot;IN/Share&quot; data-url=&quot;http://www.smh.com.au/sport/motorsport/kubica-in-surgery-after-horror-crash-20110206-1aijk.html&quot; data-onsuccess=&quot;linkedInShare&quot;&gt;&lt;/script&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li class=&quot;pinterest&quot; onclick=&quot;trackShare('pinterest')&quot;&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://pinterest.com/pin/create/button/?url=http://www.smh.com.au/sport/motorsport/kubica-in-surgery-after-horror-crash-20110206-1aijk.html&amp;media=http://images.smh.com.au/2011/02/07/2170476/kubica16.jpg&amp;description=Crash ... the wrecked car of Formula One driver Robert Kubica&quot; class=&quot;pin-it-button pinteonclick=&quot;&gt;Pin It&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li class=&quot;reddit&quot;&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.reddit.com/submit?url=http://www.smh.com.au/sport/motorsport/kubica-in-surgery-after-horror-crash-20110206-1aijk.html&amp;title=Kubica in surgery after horror crash&quot; onclick=&quot;trackShare('reddit')&quot;&gt;submit to reddit&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li class=&quot;email&quot;&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;/action/emailToFriend?id=2170208&quot; title=&quot;Email to a friend&quot; rel=&quot;nofollow&quot; data-emailSocialLink=&quot;true&quot; data-emailUrl=&quot;/action/emailToFriend?id=2170208&quot; onclick=&quot;trackShare('email')&quot;&gt;Email article&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li class=&quot;print&quot;&gt; &lt;a href=&quot;/action/printArticle?id=2170208&quot; title=&quot;Print this story&quot; rel=&quot;nofollow&quot; data-printSocialLink=&quot;true&quot; data-printUrl=&quot;/action/printArticle?id=2170208&quot; onclick=&quot;trackShare('print')&quot;&gt;Print&lt;/a&gt; &lt;/li&gt; &lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot;&gt; window.fbAsyncInit = function() { FB.Event.subscribe('edge.create', function(href, widget) { trackShare('facebook'); }); }; function linkedInShare() { trackShare('linkedin'); } function gplusCallback(args) { if (args.type === 'confirm') { trackShare('gplus'); } } function trackShare(eVar25) { var beforeLinkTrackVars = s.linkTrackVars; var beforeLinkTrackEvents = s.linkTrackEvents; var beforeEvents = s.events; var beforeEVar25 = s.eVar25; s=s_gi(s_account); s.linkTrackVars='eVar25,events'; s.linkTrackEvents='event19'; s.events='event19'; s.eVar25=eVar25; s.tl(true,'o','social share'); // Reset the vars as the state will continue across subsequent requests s.linkTrackVars=beforeLinkTrackVars; s.linkTrackEvents=beforeLinkTrackEvents; s.events=beforeEvents; s.eVar25=beforeEVar25; } &lt;/script&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;/div&gt;&lt;!-- class:meta --&gt; &lt;/div&gt;&lt;!-- id:content --&gt; &lt;div class=&quot;aside span-8 last&quot; role=&quot;complementary&quot;&gt; &lt;div id=&quot;adspot-300x1515-pos-1&quot; class=&quot;ad&quot; style='display:none;'&gt; &lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot;&gt; var titan = window.titan || {}; titan.requestAd = titan.requestAd || []; titan.requestAd.push(&quot;adspot-300x1515-pos-1&quot;); &lt;/script&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div id=&quot;adspot-300x600_300x250-pos-1&quot; class=&quot;ad&quot; style='display:none;'&gt; &lt;small&gt;Advertisement&lt;/small&gt; &lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot;&gt; var titan = window.titan || {}; titan.requestAd = titan.requestAd || []; titan.requestAd.push(&quot;adspot-300x600_300x250-pos-1&quot;); &lt;/script&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div id=&quot;aside-content1&quot;&gt; &lt;section class=&quot;strap&quot;&gt; &lt;header class=&quot;cf &quot;&gt; &lt;h3&gt;Related Coverage&lt;/h&gt; &lt;/header&gt; &lt;article class=&quot;article clippingArea clippingAction trackingClick&quot; data-tracking-types=&quot;ga&quot; data-tracking-stop-event=&quot;true&quot; data-ga-action=&quot;Related Coverage Click&quot; data-ga-category=&quot;Article RHS&quot; data-ga-label=&quot;smh, Sport, Motorsport&quot; data-assetId=&quot;d-1aig4&quot; data-assetType=&quot;ARTICLE&quot; data-assetUrl=&quot;http://www.smh.com.au/sport/motorsport/lowndes-laps-it-up-in-charge-to-finish-but-puncture-proves-costly-20110206-1aig4.html&quot;&gt; &lt;h3&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.smh.com.au/sport/motorsport/lowndes-laps-it-up-in-charge-to-finish-but-puncture-proves-costly-20110206-1aig4.html&quot; title=&quot;Lowndes laps it up in charge to finish but puncture proves costly&quot; &gt;Lowndes laps it up in charge to finish but puncture proves costly&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/h&gt; &lt;/article&gt;&lt;!-- class:article clippingArea clippingAction trackingClick --&gt; &lt;article class=&quot;article clippingArea clippingAction trackingClick&quot; data-tracking-types=&quot;ga&quot; data-tracking-stop-event=&quot;true&quot; data-ga-action=&quot;Related Coverage Click&quot; data-ga-category=&quot;Article RHS&quot; data-ga-label=&quot;smh, Sport, Motorsport&quot; data-assetId=&quot;d-1al0q&quot; data-assetType=&quot;ARTICLE&quot; data-assetUrl=&quot;http://www.smh.com.au/sport/motorsport/doctors-save-kubicas-hand-20110208-1al0q.html&quot;&gt; &lt;a href=&quot;http://www.smh.com.au/sport/motorsport/doctors-save-kubicas-hand-20110208-1al0q.html&quot; &gt;&lt;img src=&quot;http://images.smh.com.au/2011/02/07/2172127/th_Robert%20Kubica-90x60.jpg&quot; width=&quot;90&quot; height=&quot;60&quot; alt=&quot;Robert Kubica&quot; /&gt; &lt;/a&gt; &lt;h3&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.smh.com.au/sport/motorsport/doctors-save-kubicas-hand-20110208-1al0q.html&quot; title=&quot;Doctors save Kubica's hand&quot; &gt;Doctors save Kubica's hand&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/h&gt; &lt;/article&gt;&lt;!-- class:article clippingArea clippingAction trackingClick --&gt; &lt;/section&gt; &lt;div class=&quot;trackingClick&quot; data-tracking-types=&quot;ga&quot; data-tracking-stop-event=&quot;true&quot; data-ga-action=&quot;Most Popular Click&quot; data-ga-category=&quot;Article RHS&quot; data-ga-label=&quot;smh, Sport, Motorsport&quot;&gt; &lt;section class=&quot;strap most-popular&quot; id=&quot;MostPopularRHS&quot;&gt; &lt;header class=&quot;cf&quot;&gt; &lt;h3&gt; Most popular &lt;/h&gt; &lt;/header&gt; &lt;article class=&quot;article clippingArea clippingAction&quot; data-assetId=&quot;d-zwmgm&quot; data-assetType=&quot;ARTICLE&quot; data-assetUrl=&quot;http://www.smh.com.au/sport/horseracing/stable-party-trick-shows-atmospherical-is-more-houdini-than-mr-ed-20140724-zwmgm.html&quot;&gt; &lt;a href=&quot;http://www.smh.com.au/sport/horseracing/stable-party-trick-shows-atmospherical-is-more-houdini-than-mr-ed-20140724-zwmgm.html&quot; tabindex=&quot;0&quot;&gt; &lt;span class=&quot;num&quot;&gt;1&lt;/span&gt; &lt;a href=&quot;http://www.smh.com.au/sport/horseracing/stable-party-trick-shows-atmospherical-is-more-houdini-than-mr-ed-20140724-zwmgm.html&quot; title=&quot;Stable party trick shows Atmospherical is more Houdini than Mr Ed&quot;&gt;&lt;img src=&quot;http://images.smh.com.au/2014/07/24/5622876/1406201297673.jpg-90x60.jpg&quot; width=&quot;90&quot; height=&quot;60&quot; alt=&quot;Trainer David Pfieffer with Atmospherical in her stable.&quot; /&gt;&lt;/a&gt; &lt;/a&gt; &lt;h3&gt; &lt;a href=&quot;http://www.smh.com.au/sport/horseracing/stable-party-trick-shows-atmospherical-is-more-houdini-than-mr-ed-20140724-zwmgm.html&quot;&gt;Stable party trick shows Atmospherical is more ...&lt;/a&gt; &lt;/h&gt; &lt;div class=&quot;article-meta&quot;&gt; &lt;em class=&quot;access&quot;&gt;Contains:&lt;/em&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/article&gt; &lt;article class=&quot;article clippingArea clippingAction&quot; data-assetId=&quot;d-zwn0v&quot; data-assetType=&quot;ARTICLE&quot; data-assetUrl=&quot;http://www.smh.com.au/sport/cycling/tour-de-france-luke-durbridge-ready-for-one-last-effort-before-tour-finish-in-paris-20140725-zwn0v.html&quot;&gt; &lt;a href=&quot;http://www.smh.com.au/sport/cycling/tour-de-france-luke-durbridge-ready-for-one-last-effort-before-tour-finish-in-paris-20140725-zwn0v.html&quot; tabindex=&quot;0&quot;&gt; &lt;span class=&quot;num&quot;&gt;2&lt;/span&gt; &lt;a href=&quot;http://www.smh.com.au/sport/cycling/tour-de-france-luke-durbridge-ready-for-one-last-effort-before-tour-finish-in-paris-20140725-zwn0v.html&quot; title=&quot;Tour de France: Luke Durbridge ready for one last effort before Tour finish in Paris&quot;&gt;&lt;img src=&quot;http://images.smh.com.au/2014/07/25/5623438/1406242237920.jpg-90x60.jpg&quot; width=&quot;90&quot; height=&quot;60&quot; alt=&quot;Luke Durbridge&quot; /&gt;&lt;/a&gt; &lt;/a&gt; &lt;h3&gt; &lt;a href=&quot;http://www.smh.com.au/sport/cycling/tour-de-france-luke-durbridge-ready-for-one-last-effort-before-tour-finish-in-paris-20140725-zwn0v.html&quot;&gt;Tour de France: Luke Durbridge ready for one last ...&lt;/a&gt; &lt;/h&gt; &lt;div class=&quot;article-meta&quot;&gt; &lt;em class=&quot;access&quot;&gt;Contains:&lt;/em&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/article&gt; &lt;article class=&quot;article clippingArea clippingAction&quot; data-assetId=&quot;d-zwncv&quot; data-assetType=&quot;ARTICLE&quot; data-assetUrl=&quot;http://www.smh.com.au/sport/cycling/brandie-o8217connor-nathan-hart-pick-up-canberras-first-medals-at-glasgow-commonwealth-games-20140725-zwncv.html&quot;&gt; &lt;a href=&quot;http://www.smh.com.au/sport/cycling/brandie-o8217connor-nathan-hart-pick-up-canberras-first-medals-at-glasgow-commonwealth-games-20140725-zwncv.html&quot; tabindex=&quot;0&quot;&gt; &lt;span class=&quot;num&quot;&gt;3&lt;/span&gt; &lt;a href=&quot;http://www.smh.com.au/sport/cycling/brandie-o8217connor-nathan-hart-pick-up-canberras-first-medals-at-glasgow-commonwealth-games-20140725-zwncv.html&quot; title=&quot;Brandie O&amp;#8217;Connor, Nathan Hart pick up Canberra's first medals at Glasgow Commonwealth Games&quot;&gt;&lt;img src=&quot;http://images.smh.com.au/2014/07/25/5623262/1406286184046.jpg-90x60.jpg&quot; width=&quot;90&quot; height=&quot;60&quot; alt=&quot;Matthew Glaetzer, Nathan Hart, and Shane Perkins pose with their bronze medals.&quot; /&gt;&lt;/a&gt; &lt;/a&gt; &lt;h3&gt; &lt;a href=&quot;http://www.smh.com.au/sport/cycling/brandie-o8217connor-nathan-hart-pick-up-canberras-first-medals-at-glasgow-commonwealth-games-20140725-zwncv.html&quot;&gt;Brandie O&amp;#8217;Connor, Nathan Hart pick up ...&lt;/a&gt; &lt;/h&gt; &lt;div class=&quot;article-meta&quot;&gt; &lt;em class=&quot;access&quot;&gt;Contains:&lt;/em&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/article&gt; &lt;article class=&quot;article clippingArea clippingAction&quot; data-assetId=&quot;d-zwoxe&quot; data-assetType=&quot;ARTICLE&quot; data-assetUrl=&quot;http://www.smh.com.au/sport/soccer/frank-lampard-melbourne-city-decision-pending-20140725-zwoxe.html&quot;&gt; &lt;a href=&quot;http://www.smh.com.au/sport/soccer/frank-lampard-melbourne-city-decision-pending-20140725-zwoxe.html&quot; tabindex=&quot;0&quot;&gt; &lt;span class=&quot;num&quot;&gt;4&lt;/span&gt; &lt;a href=&quot;http://www.smh.com.au/sport/soccer/frank-lampard-melbourne-city-decision-pending-20140725-zwoxe.html&quot; title=&quot;Frank Lampard Melbourne City decision pending&quot;&gt;&lt;img src=&quot;http://images.smh.com.au/2014/07/25/5623844/1406249060278.jpg-90x60.jpg&quot; width=&quot;90&quot; height=&quot;60&quot; alt=&quot;Frank Lampard celebrates a goal against West Ham United in 2013. &quot; /&gt;&lt;/a&gt; &lt;/a&gt; &lt;h3&gt; &lt;a href=&quot;http://www.smh.com.au/sport/soccer/frank-lampard-melbourne-city-decision-pending-20140725-zwoxe.html&quot;&gt;Frank Lampard Melbourne City decision pending&lt;/a&gt; &lt;/h&gt; &lt;div class=&quot;article-meta&quot;&gt; &lt;em class=&quot;access&quot;&gt;Contains:&lt;/em&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/article&gt; &lt;article class=&quot;article clippingArea clippingAction&quot; data-assetId=&quot;d-zwg4c&quot; data-assetType=&quot;ARTICLE&quot; data-assetUrl=&quot;http://www.smh.com.au/sport/tennis/rising-star-ajla-tomljanovic-to-boost-australian-tennis-stocks-20140724-zwg4c.html&quot;&gt; &lt;a href=&quot;http://www.smh.com.au/sport/tennis/rising-star-ajla-tomljanovic-to-boost-australian-tennis-stocks-20140724-zwg4c.html&quot; tabindex=&quot;0&quot;&gt; &lt;span class=&quot;num&quot;&gt;5&lt;/span&gt; &lt;a href=&quot;http://www.smh.com.au/sport/tennis/rising-star-ajla-tomljanovic-to-boost-australian-tennis-stocks-20140724-zwg4c.html&quot; title=&quot;Rising star Ajla Tomljanovic to boost Australian tennis stocks&quot;&gt;&lt;img src=&quot;http://images.smh.com.au/2014/07/24/5622970/1406206187735.jpg-90x60.jpg&quot; width=&quot;90&quot; height=&quot;60&quot; alt=&quot;Victory: Ajla Tomljanovic.&quot; /&gt;&lt;/a&gt; &lt;/a&gt; &lt;h3&gt; &lt;a href=&quot;http://www.smh.com.au/sport/tennis/rising-star-ajla-tomljanovic-to-boost-australian-tennis-stocks-20140724-zwg4c.html&quot;&gt;Rising star Ajla Tomljanovic to boost Australian ...&lt;/a&gt; &lt;/h&gt; &lt;div class=&quot;article-meta&quot;&gt; &lt;em class=&quot;access&quot;&gt;Contains:&lt;/em&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/article&gt; &lt;/section&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div id=&quot;adspot-300x70-pos-1&quot; class=&quot;ad&quot; style='display:none;'&gt; &lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot;&gt; var titan = window.titan || {}; titan.requestAd = titan.requestAd || []; titan.requestAd.push(&quot;adspot-300x70-pos-1&quot;); &lt;/script&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div class=&quot;ad adSpot-twin cfix&quot;&gt; &lt;small&gt;Featured advertisers&lt;/small&gt; &lt;div id=&quot;adspot-149x170-pos-1&quot; class=&quot;ad&quot; style='display:none;'&gt; &lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot;&gt; var titan = window.titan || {}; titan.requestAd = titan.requestAd || []; titan.requestAd.push(&quot;adspot-149x170-pos-1&quot;); &lt;/script&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div id=&quot;adspot-149x170-pos-2&quot; class=&quot;ad&quot; style='display:none;'&gt; &lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot;&gt; var titan = window.titan || {}; titan.requestAd = titan.requestAd || []; titan.requestAd.push(&quot;adspot-149x170-pos-2&quot;); &lt;/script&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt;&lt;!-- class:ad adSpot-twin cfix --&gt; &lt;div id=&quot;aside-content2&quot;&gt; &lt;link rel=&quot;stylesheet&quot; type=&quot;text/css&quot; href=&quot;http://whistleout.s3.amazonaws.com/public/css/widget-v4/widget.css&quot; /&gt; &lt;link rel=&quot;stylesheet&quot; type=&quot;text/css&quot; href=&quot;http://r3.whistleout.com.au/public/css/widget-v4/widget_smh_tech_v2.css&quot; /&gt; &lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot; src=&quot;http://whistleout.s3.amazonaws.com/public/script/widget/widgetv4_1.js&quot;&gt;&lt;/script&gt; &lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot;&gt; &lt;!-- var _wo_Tabs = 3; var _wo_Carousel_Visible = new Array(0, 0, 0); var _wo_TabWeightings = new Array(1, 0, 0); var _wo_Carousel = new Array(14, 0, 0); var _wo_CarouselWeightings = wo_GetCarouselWeightings(); var _wo_PI = wo_GetPI(); var _wo_Layouts = wo_GetLayouts(); --&gt; &lt;/script&gt; &lt;div id=&quot;wo-widget-wrap&quot; class=&quot;wo-widget-wrap&quot; style=&quot;width:300px;height:150px;margin: 0 0 25px;position:relative;overflow:hidden&quot;&gt; &lt;div class=&quot;wo-widget-header&quot;&gt; &lt;h3 class=&quot;wo-widget-heading&quot;&gt; Compare &amp;amp; Save&lt;/h&gt; &lt;ul id=&quot;wo-widget-tabs&quot; class=&quot;wo-widget-tabs&quot;&gt; &lt;li id=&quot;wo-widget-tab-0&quot; class=&quot;wo-active&quot;&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;javascript:wo_ShowTab(0);&quot;&gt;Deals&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li id=&quot;wo-widget-tab-1&quot;&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;javascript:wo_ShowTab(1);&quot;&gt;Compare&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li id=&quot;wo-widget-tab-2&quot;&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;javascript:wo_ShowTab(2);&quot;&gt;Popular&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div id=&quot;wo-widget-tab-content-0&quot;&gt; &lt;div id=&quot;wo-widget-carousel-item-0-0&quot;&gt; &lt;a target=&quot;_blank&quot; href=&quot;http://mobile-phones.smh.com.au/Transact?gi=579&amp;e=true&amp;utm_source=Widget_Fairfax_SMH_Technology&amp;utm_medium=Widget&amp;utm_campaign=40%25_Off_-_ends_31st_July&quot; class=&quot;wo-widget-deal&quot;&gt; &lt;span class=&quot;wo-widget-deal-image-wrap&quot;&gt;&lt;img src=&quot;http://r3.whistleout.com.au/public/images/deals/widget_330x190_0414_amaysimunlim_c.jpg&quot; alt=&quot;40% Off - ends 31st July&quot; class=&quot;wo-widget-deal-image&quot;/&gt;&lt;/span&gt; &lt;h3 class=&quot;wo-widget-deal-heading&quot;&gt;40% Off - ends 31st July&lt;/h&gt; Unlimited standard talk &amp; text + 4GB of data - all in Oz &lt;span class=&quot;wo-widget-supplier&quot;&gt; &lt;img src=&quot;http://r3.whistleout.com.au/public/images/suppliers/small/supplier411.gif&quot; alt=&quot;amaysim&quot; /&gt; &lt;/span&gt; &lt;span class=&quot;wo-widget-shadow&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;!--[if lte IE 6]&gt;&lt;style type=&quot;text/css&quot;&gt;.wo-widget-shadow {display:none}&lt;/style&gt;&lt;![endif]--&gt; &lt;/a&gt; &lt;a target=&quot;_blank&quot; href=&quot;http://mobile-phones.smh.com.au/MobilePhones?utm_source=Widget_Fairfax_SMH_Technology&amp;utm_medium=Widget&amp;utm_campaign=40%25_Off_-_ends_31st_July&quot; class=&quot;wo-widget-deal-cat&quot;&gt;Compare Mobile Phones&lt;/a&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div id=&quot;wo-widget-carousel-item-0-1&quot; class=&quot;wo-widget-hide&quot;&gt; &lt;a target=&quot;_blank&quot; href=&quot;http://mobile-phones.smh.com.au/Transact?gi=8&amp;e=true&amp;u=https://www.virginmobile.com.au/bonus-1GB&amp;utm_source=Widget_Fairfax_SMH_Technology&amp;utm_medium=Widget&amp;utm_campaign=Bonus_1GB_of_Data&quot; class=&quot;wo-widget-deal&quot;&gt; &lt;span class=&quot;wo-widget-deal-image-wrap&quot;&gt;&lt;img src=&quot;http://r3.whistleout.com.au/public/images/deals/widget_330x190_0513_virginphones_a.jpg&quot; alt=&quot;Bonus 1GB of Data&quot; class=&quot;wo-widget-deal-image&quot;/&gt;&lt;/span&gt; &lt;h3 class=&quot;wo-widget-deal-heading&quot;&gt;Bonus 1GB of Data&lt;/h&gt; On selected plans with Virgin Mobile - all for use in Oz. Ends 10 Aug 2014. &lt;span class=&quot;wo-widget-supplier&quot;&gt; &lt;img src=&quot;http://r3.whistleout.com.au/public/images/suppliers/small/supplier253.gif&quot; alt=&quot;Virgin Mobile&quot; /&gt; &lt;/span&gt; &lt;span class=&quot;wo-widget-shadow&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;!--[if lte IE 6]&gt;&lt;style type=&quot;text/css&quot;&gt;.wo-widget-shadow {display:none}&lt;/style&gt;&lt;![endif]--&gt; &lt;/a&gt; &lt;a target=&quot;_blank&quot; href=&quot;http://mobile-phones.smh.com.au/MobilePhones?utm_source=Widget_Fairfax_SMH_Technology&amp;utm_medium=Widget&amp;utm_campaign=Bonus_1GB_of_Data&quot; class=&quot;wo-widget-deal-cat&quot;&gt;Compare Mobile Phones&lt;/a&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div id=&quot;wo-widget-carousel-item-0-2&quot; class=&quot;wo-widget-hide&quot;&gt; &lt;a target=&quot;_blank&quot; href=&quot;http://mobile-phones.smh.com.au/Transact?gi=8&amp;e=true&amp;u=http://www.virginmobile.com.au/Shop/ProductDetails/14304/Samsung-Galaxy-S5-White&amp;utm_source=Widget_Fairfax_SMH_Technology&amp;utm_medium=Widget&amp;utm_campaign=Virgin_Mobile%3a_%2465%2fmth_(was_%2473)&quot; class=&quot;wo-widget-deal&quot;&gt; &lt;span class=&quot;wo-widget-deal-image-wrap&quot;&gt;&lt;img src=&quot;http://r3.whistleout.com.au/public/images/deals/widget_330x190_0614_gals5_drop_b.jpg&quot; alt=&quot;Virgin Mobile: $65/mth (was $73)&quot; class=&quot;wo-widget-deal-image&quot;/&gt;&lt;/span&gt; &lt;h3 class=&quot;wo-widget-deal-heading&quot;&gt;Virgin Mobile: $65/mth (was $73)&lt;/h&gt; with 2.5GB of data for use in Oz. Ends 10 Aug 2014. &lt;span class=&quot;wo-widget-deal-mtc&quot;&gt;Min. Total Cost $1,560&lt;br/&gt; over 24 months&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span class=&quot;wo-widget-supplier&quot;&gt; &lt;img src=&quot;http://r3.whistleout.com.au/public/images/suppliers/small/supplier253.gif&quot; alt=&quot;Virgin Mobile&quot; /&gt; &lt;/span&gt; &lt;span class=&quot;wo-widget-shadow&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;!--[if lte IE 6]&gt;&lt;style type=&quot;text/css&quot;&gt;.wo-widget-shadow {display:none}&lt;/style&gt;&lt;![endif]--&gt; &lt;/a&gt; &lt;a target=&quot;_blank&quot; href=&quot;http://mobile-phones.smh.com.au/MobilePhones?utm_source=Widget_Fairfax_SMH_Technology&amp;utm_medium=Widget&amp;utm_campaign=Virgin_Mobile%3a_%2465%2fmth_(was_%2473)&quot; class=&quot;wo-widget-deal-cat&quot;&gt;Compare Mobile Phones&lt;/a&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div id=&quot;wo-widget-carousel-item-0-3&quot; class=&quot;wo-widget-hide&quot;&gt; &lt;a target=&quot;_blank&quot; href=&quot;http://mobile-phones.smh.com.au/Transact?gi=648&amp;e=true&amp;u=http://www.vodafone.com.au/personal/android/htc-one-m8?cid=cbu:post:mob:new:aff:perf:htc-one-m8:wo&amp;utm_source=Widget_Fairfax_SMH_Technology&amp;utm_medium=Widget&amp;utm_campaign=3GB_data_for_%2470%2fmth&quot; class=&quot;wo-widget-deal&quot;&gt; &lt;span class=&quot;wo-widget-deal-image-wrap&quot;&gt;&lt;img src=&quot;http://r3.whistleout.com.au/public/images/deals/widget_330x190_0714_voda_data_b.jpg&quot; alt=&quot;3GB data for $70/mth&quot; class=&quot;wo-widget-deal-image&quot;/&gt;&lt;/span&gt; &lt;h3 class=&quot;wo-widget-deal-heading&quot;&gt;3GB data for $70/mth&lt;/h&gt; Phone included. Over 24 months. Min cost $1680. T&amp;C apply. &lt;span class=&quot;wo-widget-supplier&quot;&gt; &lt;img src=&quot;http://r3.whistleout.com.au/public/images/suppliers/small/supplier251.gif&quot; alt=&quot;Vodafone&quot; /&gt; &lt;/span&gt; &lt;span class=&quot;wo-widget-shadow&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;!--[if lte IE 6]&gt;&lt;style type=&quot;text/css&quot;&gt;.wo-widget-shadow {display:none}&lt;/style&gt;&lt;![endif]--&gt; &lt;/a&gt; &lt;a target=&quot;_blank&quot; href=&quot;http://mobile-phones.smh.com.au/MobilePhones?utm_source=Widget_Fairfax_SMH_Technology&amp;utm_medium=Widget&amp;utm_campaign=3GB_data_for_%2470%2fmth&quot; class=&quot;wo-widget-deal-cat&quot;&gt;Compare Mobile Phones&lt;/a&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div id=&quot;wo-widget-carousel-item-0-4&quot; class=&quot;wo-widget-hide&quot;&gt; &lt;a target=&quot;_blank&quot; href=&quot;http://mobile-phones.smh.com.au/Transact?gi=9&amp;e=true&amp;u=http://www.optus.com.au/shop/mobile/phones/samsung/galaxy-s5?utm_source=wo&amp;utm_medium=affil&amp;utm_content=gotosit_bttn&amp;utm_campaign=perf_mob_bau&amp;CID=affil:wo:gotosit:bttn:osc:mob:bau:GS5&amp;utm_source=Widget_Fairfax_SMH_Technology&amp;utm_medium=Widget&amp;utm_campaign=GALAXY_S5_from_%7bTotalMonthlyPrice%7d%2fMth_on_Optus&quot; class=&quot;wo-widget-deal&quot;&gt; &lt;span class=&quot;wo-widget-deal-image-wrap&quot;&gt;&lt;img src=&quot;http://r3.whistleout.com.au/public/images/deals/widget_330x190_0514_gs5_c.jpg&quot; alt=&quot;GALAXY S5 from $55/Mth on Optus&quot; class=&quot;wo-widget-deal-image&quot;/&gt;&lt;/span&gt; &lt;h3 class=&quot;wo-widget-deal-heading&quot;&gt;GALAXY S5 from $55/Mth on Optus&lt;/h&gt; New GALAXY S5 starting at $55/Month &lt;span class=&quot;wo-widget-deal-mtc&quot;&gt;Min. Total Cost $1,320&lt;br/&gt; over 24 months&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span class=&quot;wo-widget-supplier&quot; style=&quot;background:none;padding:0;text-align:left&quot;&gt; &lt;img src=&quot;http://r3.whistleout.com.au/public/images/suppliers/small/supplier254.png&quot; alt=&quot;Optus&quot; /&gt; &lt;/span&gt; &lt;span class=&quot;wo-widget-shadow&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;!--[if lte IE 6]&gt;&lt;style type=&quot;text/css&quot;&gt;.wo-widget-shadow {display:none}&lt;/style&gt;&lt;![endif]--&gt; &lt;/a&gt; &lt;a target=&quot;_blank&quot; href=&quot;http://mobile-phones.smh.com.au/MobilePhones/Phones/Samsung/Samsung-Galaxy-S5-16GB?utm_source=Widget_Fairfax_SMH_Technology&amp;utm_medium=Widget&amp;utm_campaign=GALAXY_S5_from_%7bTotalMonthlyPrice%7d%2fMth_on_Optus&quot; class=&quot;wo-widget-deal-cat&quot;&gt;Compare Now&lt;/a&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div id=&quot;wo-widget-carousel-item-0-5&quot; class=&quot;wo-widget-hide&quot;&gt; &lt;a target=&quot;_blank&quot; href=&quot;http://mobile-phones.smh.com.au/Transact?gi=9&amp;e=true&amp;u=http://www.optus.com.au/shop/mobile/phones/htc/one-m8?utm_source=wo&amp;utm_medium=affil&amp;utm_content=gotosit_bttn&amp;utm_campaign=perf_mob_bau&amp;CID=affil:wo:gotosit:bttn:osc:mob:bau:HTC&amp;utm_source=Widget_Fairfax_SMH_Technology&amp;utm_medium=Widget&amp;utm_campaign=HTC_One_M8_%7bTotalMonthlyPrice%7d%2fMth_on_Optus&quot; class=&quot;wo-widget-deal&quot;&gt; &lt;span class=&quot;wo-widget-deal-image-wrap&quot;&gt;&lt;img src=&quot;http://r3.whistleout.com.au/public/images/deals/widget_330x190_0514_htconem8_e.jpg&quot; alt=&quot;HTC One M8 $58/Mth on Optus&quot; class=&quot;wo-widget-deal-image&quot;/&gt;&lt;/span&gt; &lt;h3 class=&quot;wo-widget-deal-heading&quot;&gt;HTC One M8 $58/Mth on Optus&lt;/h&gt; New HTC One M8 starting at $58/Month &lt;span class=&quot;wo-widget-deal-mtc&quot;&gt;Min. Total Cost $1,392&lt;br/&gt; over 24 months&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span class=&quot;wo-widget-supplier&quot; style=&quot;background:none;padding:0;text-align:left&quot;&gt; &lt;img src=&quot;http://r3.whistleout.com.au/public/images/suppliers/small/supplier254.png&quot; alt=&quot;Optus&quot; /&gt; &lt;/span&gt; &lt;span class=&quot;wo-widget-shadow&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;!--[if lte IE 6]&gt;&lt;style type=&quot;text/css&quot;&gt;.wo-widget-shadow {display:none}&lt;/style&gt;&lt;![endif]--&gt; &lt;/a&gt; &lt;a target=&quot;_blank&quot; href=&quot;http://mobile-phones.smh.com.au/MobilePhones?utm_source=Widget_Fairfax_SMH_Technology&amp;utm_medium=Widget&amp;utm_campaign=HTC_One_M8_%7bTotalMonthlyPrice%7d%2fMth_on_Optus&quot; class=&quot;wo-widget-deal-cat&quot;&gt;Compare Mobile Phones&lt;/a&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div id=&quot;wo-widget-carousel-item-0-6&quot; class=&quot;wo-widget-hide&quot;&gt; &lt;a target=&quot;_blank&quot; href=&quot;http://mobile-phones.smh.com.au/Transact?gi=9&amp;e=true&amp;u=http://www.optus.com.au/shop/mobilephones/iphone/iphone5s?utm_source=wo&amp;utm_medium=affil&amp;utm_content=gotosit_bttn&amp;utm_campaign=perf_mob_bau&amp;CID=affil:wo:gotosit:bttn:osc:mob:bau:ip5S&amp;utm_source=Widget_Fairfax_SMH_Technology&amp;utm_medium=Widget&amp;utm_campaign=iPhone_5s_from_%7bTotalMonthlyPrice%7d%2fMth_on_Optus&quot; class=&quot;wo-widget-deal&quot;&gt; &lt;span class=&quot;wo-widget-deal-image-wrap&quot;&gt;&lt;img src=&quot;http://r3.whistleout.com.au/public/images/deals/widget_330x190_0913_iphone5s_g.jpg&quot; alt=&quot;iPhone 5s from $57/Mth on Optus&quot; class=&quot;wo-widget-deal-image&quot;/&gt;&lt;/span&gt; &lt;h3 class=&quot;wo-widget-deal-heading&quot;&gt;iPhone 5s from $57/Mth on Optus&lt;/h&gt; New iPhone 5s starting at $57/Month &lt;span class=&quot;wo-widget-deal-mtc&quot;&gt;Min. Total Cost $1,368&lt;br/&gt; over 24 months&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span class=&quot;wo-widget-supplier&quot; style=&quot;background:none;padding:0;text-align:left&quot;&gt; &lt;img src=&quot;http://r3.whistleout.com.au/public/images/suppliers/small/supplier254.png&quot; alt=&quot;Optus&quot; /&gt; &lt;/span&gt; &lt;span class=&quot;wo-widget-shadow&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;!--[if lte IE 6]&gt;&lt;style type=&quot;text/css&quot;&gt;.wo-widget-shadow {display:none}&lt;/style&gt;&lt;![endif]--&gt; &lt;/a&gt; &lt;a target=&quot;_blank&quot; href=&quot;http://mobile-phones.smh.com.au/MobilePhones/Phones/Apple/Apple-iPhone-5s-16GB?utm_source=Widget_Fairfax_SMH_Technology&amp;utm_medium=Widget&amp;utm_campaign=iPhone_5s_from_%7bTotalMonthlyPrice%7d%2fMth_on_Optus&quot; class=&quot;wo-widget-deal-cat&quot;&gt;Compare Now&lt;/a&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div id=&quot;wo-widget-carousel-item-0-7&quot; class=&quot;wo-widget-hide&quot;&gt; &lt;a target=&quot;_blank&quot; href=&quot;http://mobile-phones.smh.com.au/Transact?gi=9&amp;e=true&amp;u=http://www.optus.com.au/shop/mobile/phones/samsung/galaxy-s5?utm_source=wo&amp;utm_medium=affil&amp;utm_content=gotosit_bttn&amp;utm_campaign=perf_mob_bau&amp;CID=affil:wo:gotosit:bttn:osc:mob:bau:galN3&amp;utm_source=Widget_Fairfax_SMH_Technology&amp;utm_medium=Widget&amp;utm_campaign=GALAXY_S5_%7bTotalMonthlyPrice%7d%2fMth_on_Optus&quot; class=&quot;wo-widget-deal&quot;&gt; &lt;span class=&quot;wo-widget-deal-image-wrap&quot;&gt;&lt;img src=&quot;http://r3.whistleout.com.au/public/images/deals/widget_330x190_0514_gs5_a.jpg&quot; alt=&quot;GALAXY S5 $55/Mth on Optus&quot; class=&quot;wo-widget-deal-image&quot;/&gt;&lt;/span&gt; &lt;h3 class=&quot;wo-widget-deal-heading&quot;&gt;GALAXY S5 $55/Mth on Optus&lt;/h&gt; New Optus MyPlan starting at $55/Month &lt;span class=&quot;wo-widget-deal-mtc&quot;&gt;Min. Total Cost $1,320&lt;br/&gt; over 24 months&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span class=&quot;wo-widget-supplier&quot; style=&quot;background:none;padding:0;text-align:left&quot;&gt; &lt;img src=&quot;http://r3.whistleout.com.au/public/images/suppliers/small/supplier254.png&quot; alt=&quot;Optus&quot; /&gt; &lt;/span&gt; &lt;span class=&quot;wo-widget-shadow&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;!--[if lte IE 6]&gt;&lt;style type=&quot;text/css&quot;&gt;.wo-widget-shadow {display:none}&lt;/style&gt;&lt;![endif]--&gt; &lt;/a&gt; &lt;a target=&quot;_blank&quot; href=&quot;http://mobile-phones.smh.com.au/MobilePhones?utm_source=Widget_Fairfax_SMH_Technology&amp;utm_medium=Widget&amp;utm_campaign=GALAXY_S5_%7bTotalMonthlyPrice%7d%2fMth_on_Optus&quot; class=&quot;wo-widget-deal-cat&quot;&gt;Compare Mobile Phones&lt;/a&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div id=&quot;wo-widget-carousel-item-0-8&quot; class=&quot;wo-widget-hide&quot;&gt; &lt;a target=&quot;_blank&quot; href=&quot;http://broadband.smh.com.au/Transact?gi=573&amp;e=true&amp;utm_source=Widget_Fairfax_SMH_Technology&amp;utm_medium=Widget&amp;utm_campaign=Broadband_Deal_from_%2450%2fmth&quot; class=&quot;wo-widget-deal&quot;&gt; &lt;span class=&quot;wo-widget-deal-image-wrap&quot;&gt;&lt;img src=&quot;http://r3.whistleout.com.au/public/images/deals/widget_330x190_1113_belong_a.jpg&quot; alt=&quot;Broadband Deal from $50/mth&quot; class=&quot;wo-widget-deal-image&quot;/&gt;&lt;/span&gt; &lt;h3 class=&quot;wo-widget-deal-heading&quot;&gt;Broadband Deal from $50/mth&lt;/h&gt; New deals from Belong Broadband on monthly no contract broadband &lt;span class=&quot;wo-widget-supplier&quot;&gt; &lt;img src=&quot;http://r3.whistleout.com.au/public/images/suppliers/small/supplier515.gif&quot; alt=&quot;Belong&quot; /&gt; &lt;/span&gt; &lt;span class=&quot;wo-widget-shadow&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;!--[if lte IE 6]&gt;&lt;style type=&quot;text/css&quot;&gt;.wo-widget-shadow {display:none}&lt;/style&gt;&lt;![endif]--&gt; &lt;/a&gt; &lt;a target=&quot;_blank&quot; href=&quot;http://broadband.smh.com.au/Broadband?utm_source=Widget_Fairfax_SMH_Technology&amp;utm_medium=Widget&amp;utm_campaign=Broadband_Deal_from_%2450%2fmth&quot; class=&quot;wo-widget-deal-cat&quot;&gt;Compare Broadband&lt;/a&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div id=&quot;wo-widget-carousel-item-0-9&quot; class=&quot;wo-widget-hide&quot;&gt; &lt;a target=&quot;_blank&quot; href=&quot;http://mobile-phones.smh.com.au/Transact?gi=218&amp;e=true&amp;utm_source=Widget_Fairfax_SMH_Technology&amp;utm_medium=Widget&amp;utm_campaign=GALAXY_S5_on_Telstra._%7bTotalMonthlyPrice%7d%2fMth&quot; class=&quot;wo-widget-deal&quot;&gt; &lt;span class=&quot;wo-widget-deal-image-wrap&quot;&gt;&lt;img src=&quot;http://r3.whistleout.com.au/public/images/deals/widget_330x190_0614_gals5_b.jpg&quot; alt=&quot;GALAXY S5 on Telstra. $68/Mth&quot; class=&quot;wo-widget-deal-image&quot;/&gt;&lt;/span&gt; &lt;h3 class=&quot;wo-widget-deal-heading&quot;&gt;GALAXY S5 on Telstra. $68/Mth&lt;/h&gt; Mobile Accelerate plan with Telstra for $68/Mth: &lt;span class=&quot;wo-widget-deal-mtc&quot;&gt;Min. Total Cost $1,632&lt;br/&gt; over 24 months&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span class=&quot;wo-widget-supplier&quot;&gt; &lt;img src=&quot;http://r3.whistleout.com.au/public/images/suppliers/small/supplier255.gif&quot; alt=&quot;Telstra&quot; /&gt; &lt;/span&gt; &lt;span class=&quot;wo-widget-shadow&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;!--[if lte IE 6]&gt;&lt;style type=&quot;text/css&quot;&gt;.wo-widget-shadow {display:none}&lt;/style&gt;&lt;![endif]--&gt; &lt;/a&gt; &lt;a target=&quot;_blank&quot; href=&quot;http://mobile-phones.smh.com.au/MobilePhones?utm_source=Widget_Fairfax_SMH_Technology&amp;utm_medium=Widget&amp;utm_campaign=GALAXY_S5_on_Telstra._%7bTotalMonthlyPrice%7d%2fMth&quot; class=&quot;wo-widget-deal-cat&quot;&gt;Compare Mobile Phones&lt;/a&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div id=&quot;wo-widget-carousel-item-0-10&quot; class=&quot;wo-widget-hide&quot;&gt; &lt;a target=&quot;_blank&quot; href=&quot;http://mobile-phones.smh.com.au/Transact?gi=218&amp;e=true&amp;utm_source=Widget_Fairfax_SMH_Technology&amp;utm_medium=Widget&amp;utm_campaign=GALAXY_S5_Telstra_from_%7bTotalMonthlyPrice%7d%2fMth&quot; class=&quot;wo-widget-deal&quot;&gt; &lt;span class=&quot;wo-widget-deal-image-wrap&quot;&gt;&lt;img src=&quot;http://r3.whistleout.com.au/public/images/deals/widget_330x190_0614_gs5_a.jpg&quot; alt=&quot;GALAXY S5 Telstra from $68/Mth&quot; class=&quot;wo-widget-deal-image&quot;/&gt;&lt;/span&gt; &lt;h3 class=&quot;wo-widget-deal-heading&quot;&gt;GALAXY S5 Telstra from $68/Mth&lt;/h&gt; Mobile Accelerate Plan with Telstra for $68/Mth: &lt;span class=&quot;wo-widget-deal-mtc&quot;&gt;Min. Total Cost $1,632&lt;br/&gt; over 24 months&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span class=&quot;wo-widget-supplier&quot;&gt; &lt;img src=&quot;http://r3.whistleout.com.au/public/images/suppliers/small/supplier255.gif&quot; alt=&quot;Telstra&quot; /&gt; &lt;/span&gt; &lt;span class=&quot;wo-widget-shadow&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;!--[if lte IE 6]&gt;&lt;style type=&quot;text/css&quot;&gt;.wo-widget-shadow {display:none}&lt;/style&gt;&lt;![endif]--&gt; &lt;/a&gt; &lt;a target=&quot;_blank&quot; href=&quot;http://mobile-phones.smh.com.au/MobilePhones?utm_source=Widget_Fairfax_SMH_Technology&amp;utm_medium=Widget&amp;utm_campaign=GALAXY_S5_Telstra_from_%7bTotalMonthlyPrice%7d%2fMth&quot; class=&quot;wo-widget-deal-cat&quot;&gt;Compare Mobile Phones&lt;/a&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div id=&quot;wo-widget-carousel-item-0-11&quot; class=&quot;wo-widget-hide&quot;&gt; &lt;a target=&quot;_blank&quot; href=&quot;http://mobile-phones.smh.com.au/Transact?gi=218&amp;e=true&amp;utm_source=Widget_Fairfax_SMH_Technology&amp;utm_medium=Widget&amp;utm_campaign=GALAXY_S5_Telstra_from_%7bTotalMonthlyPrice%7d%2fMth&quot; class=&quot;wo-widget-deal&quot;&gt; &lt;span class=&quot;wo-widget-deal-image-wrap&quot;&gt;&lt;img src=&quot;http://r3.whistleout.com.au/public/images/deals/widget_330x190_0514_gs5_a.jpg&quot; alt=&quot;GALAXY S5 Telstra from $68/Mth&quot; class=&quot;wo-widget-deal-image&quot;/&gt;&lt;/span&gt; &lt;h3 class=&quot;wo-widget-deal-heading&quot;&gt;GALAXY S5 Telstra from $68/Mth&lt;/h&gt; Mobile Accelerate Plan with Telstra for $68/Mth: &lt;span class=&quot;wo-widget-deal-mtc&quot;&gt;Min. Total Cost $1,632&lt;br/&gt; over 24 months&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span class=&quot;wo-widget-supplier&quot;&gt; &lt;img src=&quot;http://r3.whistleout.com.au/public/images/suppliers/small/supplier255.gif&quot; alt=&quot;Telstra&quot; /&gt; &lt;/span&gt; &lt;span class=&quot;wo-widget-shadow&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;!--[if lte IE 6]&gt;&lt;style type=&quot;text/css&quot;&gt;.wo-widget-shadow {display:none}&lt;/style&gt;&lt;![endif]--&gt; &lt;/a&gt; &lt;a target=&quot;_blank&quot; href=&quot;http://mobile-phones.smh.com.au/MobilePhones?utm_source=Widget_Fairfax_SMH_Technology&amp;utm_medium=Widget&amp;utm_campaign=GALAXY_S5_Telstra_from_%7bTotalMonthlyPrice%7d%2fMth&quot; class=&quot;wo-widget-deal-cat&quot;&gt;Compare Mobile Phones&lt;/a&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div id=&quot;wo-widget-carousel-item-0-12&quot; class=&quot;wo-widget-hide&quot;&gt; &lt;a target=&quot;_blank&quot; href=&quot;http://mobile-phones.smh.com.au/Transact?gi=218&amp;e=true&amp;utm_source=Widget_Fairfax_SMH_Technology&amp;utm_medium=Widget&amp;utm_campaign=HTC_One_M8_Telstra_from_%7bTotalMonthlyPrice%7d%2fMth&quot; class=&quot;wo-widget-deal&quot;&gt; &lt;span class=&quot;wo-widget-deal-image-wrap&quot;&gt;&lt;img src=&quot;http://r3.whistleout.com.au/public/images/deals/widget_330x190_0514_htconem8_b.jpg&quot; alt=&quot;HTC One M8 Telstra from $74/Mth&quot; class=&quot;wo-widget-deal-image&quot;/&gt;&lt;/span&gt; &lt;h3 class=&quot;wo-widget-deal-heading&quot;&gt;HTC One M8 Telstra from $74/Mth&lt;/h&gt; Mobile Accelerate Plan with Telstra for $74/Mth: &lt;span class=&quot;wo-widget-deal-mtc&quot;&gt;Min. Total Cost $1,776&lt;br/&gt; over 24 months&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span class=&quot;wo-widget-supplier&quot;&gt; &lt;img src=&quot;http://r3.whistleout.com.au/public/images/suppliers/small/supplier255.gif&quot; alt=&quot;Telstra&quot; /&gt; &lt;/span&gt; &lt;span class=&quot;wo-widget-shadow&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;!--[if lte IE 6]&gt;&lt;style type=&quot;text/css&quot;&gt;.wo-widget-shadow {display:none}&lt;/style&gt;&lt;![endif]--&gt; &lt;/a&gt; &lt;a target=&quot;_blank&quot; href=&quot;http://mobile-phones.smh.com.au/MobilePhones?utm_source=Widget_Fairfax_SMH_Technology&amp;utm_medium=Widget&amp;utm_campaign=HTC_One_M8_Telstra_from_%7bTotalMonthlyPrice%7d%2fMth&quot; class=&quot;wo-widget-deal-cat&quot;&gt;Compare Mobile Phones&lt;/a&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div id=&quot;wo-widget-carousel-item-0-13&quot; class=&quot;wo-widget-hide&quot;&gt; &lt;a target=&quot;_blank&quot; href=&quot;http://mobile-phones.smh.com.au/MobilePhones/Phones/Apple/Apple-iPhone-5s-16GB?utm_source=Widget_Fairfax_SMH_Technology&amp;utm_medium=Widget&amp;utm_campaign=iPhone_5s_Plans%3a_Bonus_Data&quot; class=&quot;wo-widget-deal&quot;&gt; &lt;span class=&quot;wo-widget-deal-image-wrap&quot;&gt;&lt;img src=&quot;http://r3.whistleout.com.au/public/images/deals/widget_330x190_0913_iphone5s_d.jpg&quot; alt=&quot;iPhone 5s Plans: Bonus Data&quot; class=&quot;wo-widget-deal-image&quot;/&gt;&lt;/span&gt; &lt;h3 class=&quot;wo-widget-deal-heading&quot;&gt;iPhone 5s Plans: Bonus Data&lt;/h&gt; New iPhone Plans inc. Bonus Data &lt;span class=&quot;wo-widget-shadow&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;!--[if lte IE 6]&gt;&lt;style type=&quot;text/css&quot;&gt;.wo-widget-shadow {display:none}&lt;/style&gt;&lt;![endif]--&gt; &lt;/a&gt; &lt;a target=&quot;_blank&quot; href=&quot;http://mobile-phones.smh.com.au/MobilePhones/Phones/Apple/Apple-iPhone-5s-16GB?utm_source=Widget_Fairfax_SMH_Technology&amp;utm_medium=Widget&amp;utm_campaign=iPhone_5s_Plans%3a_Bonus_Data&quot; class=&quot;wo-widget-deal-cat&quot;&gt;Compare Now&lt;/a&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot;&gt; _wo_Layouts[0][0] = 2; _wo_PI[0][0] = '//ad.doubleclick.net/ad/N38205.157012WHISTLEOUTAU/B8179915.109803404;sz=1x1;ord=1254213870'; _wo_CarouselWeightings[0][0] = 20000; _wo_Layouts[0][1] = 2; _wo_PI[0][1] = '//ad.au.doubleclick.net/ad/N7706.157012.WHISTLEOUTAU/B6760785;sz=1x1;ord=1254213870'; _wo_CarouselWeightings[0][1] = 99000; _wo_Layouts[0][2] = 2; _wo_PI[0][2] = '//ad.au.doubleclick.net/ad/N7706.157012.WHISTLEOUTAU/B6760785;sz=1x1;ord=1254213870'; _wo_CarouselWeightings[0][2] = 99000; _wo_Layouts[0][3] = 2; _wo_CarouselWeightings[0][3] = 5000; _wo_Layouts[0][4] = 2; _wo_CarouselWeightings[0][4] = 99000; _wo_Layouts[0][5] = 2; _wo_CarouselWeightings[0][5] = 99000; _wo_Layouts[0][6] = 2; _wo_CarouselWeightings[0][6] = 40000; _wo_Layouts[0][7] = 2; _wo_PI[0][7] = '//ad.au.doubleclick.net/ad/N7057.157012.WHISTLEOUTAU/B5969757.83;sz=1x1;ord=492766254?'; _wo_CarouselWeightings[0][7] = 30000; _wo_Layouts[0][8] = 2; _wo_CarouselWeightings[0][8] = 5000; _wo_Layouts[0][9] = 2; _wo_PI[0][9] = '//ad-ace.doubleclick.net/ad/N7535.157012.WHISTLEOUTAU/B7160999.13;sz=1x1;ord=492766254'; _wo_CarouselWeightings[0][9] = 5000; _wo_Layouts[0][10] = 2; _wo_PI[0][10] = '//ad-ace.doubleclick.net/ad/N7535.157012.WHISTLEOUTAU/B7160999.13;sz=1x1;ord=759137510'; _wo_CarouselWeightings[0][10] = 20000; _wo_Layouts[0][11] = 2; _wo_PI[0][11] = '//ad-ace.doubleclick.net/ad/N7535.157012.WHISTLEOUTAU/B7160999.13;sz=1x1;ord=759137510'; _wo_CarouselWeightings[0][11] = 20000; _wo_Layouts[0][12] = 2; _wo_PI[0][12] = '//ad-ace.doubleclick.net/ad/N7535.157012.WHISTLEOUTAU/B7160999.13;sz=1x1;ord=759137510'; _wo_CarouselWeightings[0][12] = 20000; _wo_Layouts[0][13] = 2; _wo_PI[0][13] = '//ad-ace.doubleclick.net/ad/N7535.157012.WHISTLEOUTAU/B7160999.13;sz=1x1;ord=759137510'; _wo_CarouselWeightings[0][13] = 40000; _wo_AutoCarousel = 0; &lt;/script&gt; &lt;div class=&quot;wo-widget-carousel&quot;&gt; &lt;a href=&quot;javascript:wo_PreviousCarouselItem(0);&quot;&gt;&lt;span&gt;&amp;laquo;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/a&gt; &lt;strong id=&quot;wo-carousel-status-0&quot;&gt;1 &lt;span&gt;of&lt;/span&gt; 16&lt;/strong&gt; &lt;a href=&quot;javascript:wo_NextCarouselItem(0);&quot;&gt; &lt;span&gt;&amp;raquo;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/a&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div id=&quot;wo-widget-tab-content-1&quot; class=&quot;wo-widget-hide&quot;&gt; &lt;table class=&quot;wo-widget-table&quot;&gt; &lt;tbody&gt; &lt;tr class=&quot;wo-widget-row&quot;&gt; &lt;th&gt; Use WhistleOut's technology to compare: &lt;/th&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr class=&quot;wo-widget-row&quot;&gt; &lt;td class=&quot;wo-widget-product&quot;&gt; &lt;a target=&quot;_blank&quot; href=&quot;http://mobile-phones.smh.com.au/MobilePhones?utm_source=Widget_Fairfax_SMH_Technology&amp;utm_medium=Widget&amp;utm_campaign=MobilePhones&quot;&gt;Mobile phone plans &amp;amp; deals&lt;/a&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr class=&quot;wo-widget-row&quot;&gt; &lt;td class=&quot;wo-widget-product&quot;&gt; &lt;a target=&quot;_blank&quot; href=&quot;http://broadband.smh.com.au/Broadband?utm_source=Widget_Fairfax_SMH_Technology&amp;utm_medium=Widget&amp;utm_campaign=Broadband&quot;&gt;Broadband plans &amp;amp; deals&lt;/a&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr class=&quot;wo-widget-row&quot;&gt; &lt;td class=&quot;wo-widget-product&quot;&gt; &lt;a target=&quot;_blank&quot; href=&quot;http://mobile-phones.smh.com.au/MobilePhones/iPhone-Deals?utm_source=Widget_Fairfax_SMH_Technology&amp;utm_medium=Widget&amp;utm_campaign=iPhoneDeals&quot;&gt;iPhone deals&lt;/a&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/tbody&gt; &lt;/table&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div id=&quot;wo-widget-tab-content-2&quot; class=&quot;wo-widget-hide&quot;&gt; &lt;table class=&quot;wo-widget-table&quot;&gt; &lt;tbody&gt; &lt;tr class=&quot;wo-widget-row&quot;&gt; &lt;th&gt;Guides and Articles&lt;/th&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr class=&quot;wo-widget-row&quot;&gt; &lt;td class=&quot;wo-widget-product&quot;&gt;&lt;a target=&quot;_blank&quot; href=&quot;http://mobile-phones.smh.com.au/MobilePhones/Mobile-Phone-Plans-Under-$50?utm_source=Widget_Fairfax_SMH_Technology&amp;utm_medium=Widget&amp;utm_campaign=Mobile_Phone_Plans_Under_%2450&quot;&gt;Mobile Phone Plans Under $50&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr class=&quot;wo-widget-row&quot;&gt; &lt;td class=&quot;wo-widget-product&quot;&gt;&lt;a target=&quot;_blank&quot; href=&quot;http://broadband.smh.com.au/Broadband/Broadband-Price-Comparison-Statistics-NBN-vs-ADSL?utm_source=Widget_Fairfax_SMH_Technology&amp;utm_medium=Widget&amp;utm_campaign=Broadband_Price_Comparison_Statistics%3a_NBN_vs_ADSL&quot;&gt;Broadband Price Comparison Statistics: NBN vs ADSL&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr class=&quot;wo-widget-row&quot;&gt; &lt;td class=&quot;wo-widget-product&quot;&gt;&lt;a target=&quot;_blank&quot; href=&quot;http://broadband.smh.com.au/Broadband/National-Broadband-Network-NBN-100Mbps-Plans?utm_source=Widget_Fairfax_SMH_Technology&amp;utm_medium=Widget&amp;utm_campaign=National_Broadband_Network_NBN_100Mbps_Plans&quot;&gt;National Broadband Network NBN 100Mbps Plans&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/tbody&gt; &lt;/table&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;a target=&quot;_blank&quot; href=&quot;http://www.whistleout.com.au/?utm_source=Widget_Fairfax_SMH_Technology&amp;utm_medium=Widget&amp;utm_campaign=WhistleOut&quot; class=&quot;wo-widget-wolink&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;WhistleOut - How to Buy Happy&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/a&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot;&gt; &lt;!-- try { wo_Randomise(); } catch (wo_Error) { } --&gt; &lt;/script&gt; &lt;div class=&quot;trackingClick&quot; data-tracking-types=&quot;ga&quot; data-tracking-stop-event=&quot;true&quot; data-ga-action=&quot;Photo Gallery Click&quot; data-ga-category=&quot;Article RHS&quot; data-ga-label=&quot;smh, Sport, Motorsport&quot;&gt; &lt;div class=&quot;cS-photoGalleryLinks cfix&quot;&gt; &lt;h3&gt;Sport Photos&lt;/h&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt; &lt;a href=&quot;http://www.smh.com.au/photogallery/rugby-union/union-news/mascots-the-good-the-bad-and-the-plain-weird-20140723-3cg44.html&quot;&gt; &lt;img src=&quot;http://images.smh.com.au/2014/07/24/5620163/ng-th-brumby-20140724085240796076-90x60.jpg&quot; width=&quot;89&quot; height=&quot;60&quot; alt=&quot;Brumby Jack&quot;/&gt; &lt;/a&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.smh.com.au/photogallery/rugby-union/union-news/mascots-the-good-the-bad-and-the-plain-weird-20140723-3cg44.html&quot;&gt;Mascots: the good, the bad and the plain weird&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; &lt;a href=&quot;http://www.smh.com.au/photogallery/sport/epic-sporting-trophies-20140722-3ccmq.html&quot;&gt; &lt;img src=&quot;http://images.smh.com.au/2014/07/22/5615342/22sportingtrophies-20140722134632384042-90x60.jpg&quot; width=&quot;89&quot; height=&quot;60&quot; alt=&quot;Bernard Tomic's hat. Picture taken from twitter&quot;/&gt; &lt;/a&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.smh.com.au/photogallery/sport/epic-sporting-trophies-20140722-3ccmq.html&quot;&gt;Epic sporting trophies&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; &lt;a href=&quot;http://www.smh.com.au/photogallery/rugby-union/union-news/super-rugby-team-of-the-week--july-20-20140720-3c8sy.html&quot;&gt; &lt;img src=&quot;http://images.smh.com.au/2014/07/20/5610114/th_nic_white-90x60.jpg&quot; width=&quot;89&quot; height=&quot;60&quot; alt=&quot;.&quot;/&gt; &lt;/a&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.smh.com.au/photogallery/rugby-union/union-news/super-rugby-team-of-the-week--july-20-20140720-3c8sy.html&quot;&gt;Super Rugby team of the week&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; &lt;a href=&quot;http://www.smh.com.au/photogallery/rugby-union/union-news/super-rugby-qualifying-final-brumbies-vs-chiefs-at-gio-stadium-in-canberra-20140719-3c8cy.html&quot;&gt; &lt;img src=&quot;http://images.smh.com.au/2014/07/19/5609553/rm-th-brumbies-20140719220658713988-90x60.jpg&quot; width=&quot;89&quot; height=&quot;60&quot; alt=&quot;ACT Brumbies players Matt Toomua.&quot;/&gt; &lt;/a&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.smh.com.au/photogallery/rugby-union/union-news/super-rugby-qualifying-final-brumbies-vs-chiefs-at-gio-stadium-in-canberra-20140719-3c8cy.html&quot;&gt;Super Rugby Qualifying Final: Brumbies vs Chiefs at GIO Stadium in Canberra&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; &lt;a href=&quot;http://www.smh.com.au/photogallery/act-news/nba-star-patty-mills-returns-to-canberra-20140718-3c5fq.html&quot;&gt; &lt;img src=&quot;http://images.smh.com.au/2014/07/18/5605772/cc-tn-Mills-20140718113605402335-90x60.jpg&quot; width=&quot;89&quot; height=&quot;60&quot; alt=&quot;Patty Mills signs an autograph for Jordan Mills, 12 of Melba after arriving at Canberra Airport&quot;/&gt; &lt;/a&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.smh.com.au/photogallery/act-news/nba-star-patty-mills-returns-to-canberra-20140718-3c5fq.html&quot;&gt;NBA star Patty Mills returns to Canberra&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; &lt;a href=&quot;http://www.smh.com.au/photogallery/rugby-league/league-news/south-sydney-rabbitohs-hooker-issac-luke-is-a-man-of-many-talents-20140717-3c4dx.html&quot;&gt; &lt;img src=&quot;http://images.smh.com.au/2014/07/17/5604395/il5-20140717204020343721-90x60.jpg&quot; width=&quot;89&quot; height=&quot;60&quot; alt=&quot;South Sydney Rabbitohs hooker Issac Luke is a picture of concentration as he works his way through a Rubik's cube.&quot;/&gt; &lt;/a&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.smh.com.au/photogallery/rugby-league/league-news/south-sydney-rabbitohs-hooker-issac-luke-is-a-man-of-many-talents-20140717-3c4dx.html&quot;&gt;South Sydney Rabbitohs hooker Issac Luke is a man of many talents&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;/div&gt;&lt;!-- class:cS-photoGalleryLinks cfix --&gt; &lt;/div&gt;&lt;!-- class:trackingClick --&gt; &lt;/div&gt;&lt;!-- id:aside-content2 --&gt; &lt;div class=&quot;customSuggestions cfix hidden&quot; data-siteid=&quot;9222289450909506993&quot; data-brand=&quot;smh.com.au&quot; data-section=&quot;Sport&quot; data-clippable=&quot;true&quot;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div class=&quot;OUTBRAIN&quot; data-src=&quot;http://www.smh.com.au/sport/motorsport/kubica-in-surgery-after-horror-crash-20110206-1aijk.html&quot; data-widget-id=&quot;SB_1&quot; data-ob-template=&quot;The_Sydney_Morning_Herald_Fairfax&quot;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;!-- CrazyEgg tracking script --&gt; &lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot;&gt; setTimeout(function(){var a=document.createElement(&quot;script&quot;); var b=document.getElementsByTagName('script')[0]; a.src=document.location.protocol+&quot;//dnn506yrbagrg.cloudfront.net/pages/scripts/0012/0135.js?&quot;+Math.floor(new Date().getTime()/3600000); a.async=true;a.type=&quot;text/javascript&quot;;b.parentNode.insertBefore(a,b)}, 1); &lt;/script&gt; &lt;div id=&quot;adspot-300x250-pos-2&quot; class=&quot;ad&quot; style='display:none;'&gt; &lt;small&gt;Advertisement&lt;/small&gt; &lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot;&gt; var titan = window.titan || {}; titan.requestAd = titan.requestAd || []; titan.requestAd.push(&quot;adspot-300x250-pos-2&quot;); &lt;/script&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt;&lt;!-- class:aside span-8 last --&gt; &lt;!-- Footer fN-footerNetwork (class according to new HTML5 element 'footer'; scope: network-wide) --&gt; &lt;div class=&quot;footer span-24&quot; role=&quot;contentinfo&quot;&gt; &lt;div class=&quot;c5 classifieds cfix&quot;&gt; &lt;div class=&quot;s1 cSmh&quot;&gt; &lt;!-- Campaign ID: 1262222 --&gt; &lt;h2&gt;&lt;a title=&quot;Money&quot; class=&quot;trackingClick&quot; data-tracking-types=&quot;ga&quot; data-tracking-stop-event=&quot;true&quot; data-ga-action=&quot;RainbowStrip Click&quot; data-ga-category=&quot;RainbowStrip&quot; href=&quot;http://www.smh.com.au&quot;&gt;Money&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/h&gt; &lt;div class=&quot;puff&quot;&gt; &lt;a href=&quot;http://compare.smh.com.au/home-loans?mpp_tab=1&amp;utm_source=SMH&amp;utm_medium=Rainbow&amp;utm_campaign=HL_trim&quot; rel=&quot;nofollow&quot; class=&quot;trackingClick&quot; data-tracking-types=&quot;ga&quot; data-tracking-stop-event=&quot;true&quot; data-ga-action=&quot;RainbowStrip Click&quot; data-ga-category=&quot;RainbowStrip&quot; &gt; &lt;img src=&quot;http://images.smh.com.au/2014/03/07/5241079/Rainbow%20cross-promo%20pointer%20home-loan-trim-172x115.jpg&quot; width=&quot;172&quot; alt=&quot;Mozo 2014&quot;/&gt;&lt;/a&gt; &lt;h5&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://compare.smh.com.au/home-loans?mpp_tab=1&amp;utm_source=SMH&amp;utm_medium=Rainbow&amp;utm_campaign=HL_trim&quot; rel=&quot;nofollow&quot; title=&quot;trimthousandsoffyourhomeloan&quot; class=&quot;trackingClick&quot; data-tracking-types=&quot;ga&quot; data-tracking-stop-event=&quot;true&quot; data-ga-action=&quot;RainbowStrip Click&quot; data-ga-category=&quot;RainbowStrip&quot;&gt;Trim thousands off your home loan&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/h&gt; &lt;/div&gt;&lt;!-- class:puff --&gt; &lt;ul&gt;&lt;li class=&quot;lSmh&quot;&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.smh.com.au&quot; class=&quot;trackingClick&quot; data-tracking-types=&quot;ga&quot; data-tracking-stop-event=&quot;true&quot; data-ga-action=&quot;RainbowStrip Click&quot; data-ga-category=&quot;RainbowStrip&quot;&gt;Smh.com.au&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://compare.smh.com.au/savings-accounts&quot; class=&quot;trackingClick&quot; data-tracking-types=&quot;ga&quot; data-tracking-stop-event=&quot;true&quot; data-ga-action=&quot;RainbowStrip Click&quot; data-ga-category=&quot;RainbowStrip&quot;&gt;Compare All Saving Accounts &lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://compare.smh.com.au/credit-cards&quot; class=&quot;trackingClick&quot; data-tracking-types=&quot;ga&quot; data-tracking-stop-event=&quot;true&quot; data-ga-action=&quot;RainbowStrip Click&quot; data-ga-category=&quot;RainbowStrip&quot;&gt;Compare All Credit Cards &lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://compare.smh.com.au/home-loans&quot; class=&quot;trackingClick&quot; data-tracking-types=&quot;ga&quot; data-tracking-stop-event=&quot;true&quot; data-ga-action=&quot;RainbowStrip Click&quot; data-ga-category=&quot;RainbowStrip&quot;&gt;Compare All Home Loans &lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;/div&gt;&lt;!-- class:s1 cSmh --&gt; &lt;div class=&quot;s2 cDrive&quot;&gt; &lt;!-- Campaign ID: 1262223 --&gt; &lt;h2&gt;&lt;a title=&quot;Motoring&quot; class=&quot;trackingClick&quot; data-tracking-types=&quot;ga&quot; data-tracking-stop-event=&quot;true&quot; data-ga-action=&quot;RainbowStrip Click&quot; data-ga-category=&quot;RainbowStrip&quot; href=&quot;http://www.drive.com.au&quot;&gt;Motoring&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/h&gt; &lt;div class=&quot;puff&quot;&gt; &lt;a href=&quot;http://www.drive.com.au/motor-news/dont-hold-back-angry-contestants-label-jeep-contest-a-scam-20140714-zt6og.html&quot; rel=&quot;nofollow&quot; class=&quot;trackingClick&quot; data-tracking-types=&quot;ga&quot; data-tracking-stop-event=&quot;true&quot; data-ga-action=&quot;RainbowStrip Click&quot; data-ga-category=&quot;RainbowStrip&quot; &gt; &lt;img src=&quot;http://images.smh.com.au/2014/07/15/5597028/jeep_172-172x115.jpg&quot; width=&quot;172&quot; alt=&quot;Jeep Cherokee&quot;/&gt;&lt;/a&gt; &lt;h5&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.drive.com.au/motor-news/dont-hold-back-angry-contestants-label-jeep-contest-a-scam-20140714-zt6og.html&quot; rel=&quot;nofollow&quot; title=&quot;jeepcontestlabelledascam&quot; class=&quot;trackingClick&quot; data-tracking-types=&quot;ga&quot; data-tracking-stop-event=&quot;true&quot; data-ga-action=&quot;RainbowStrip Click&quot; data-ga-category=&quot;RainbowStrip&quot;&gt;Jeep contest labelled a 'scam'&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/h&gt; &lt;/div&gt;&lt;!-- class:puff --&gt; &lt;ul&gt;&lt;li class=&quot;lDrive&quot;&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.drive.com.au&quot; class=&quot;trackingClick&quot; data-tracking-types=&quot;ga&quot; data-tracking-stop-event=&quot;true&quot; data-ga-action=&quot;RainbowStrip Click&quot; data-ga-category=&quot;RainbowStrip&quot;&gt;Drive.com.au&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.drive.com.au/motor-news/aussies-in-love-with-fast-cars-20140707-zsymz.html&quot; class=&quot;trackingClick&quot; data-tracking-types=&quot;ga&quot; data-tracking-stop-event=&quot;true&quot; data-ga-action=&quot;RainbowStrip Click&quot; data-ga-category=&quot;RainbowStrip&quot;&gt;Are we a nation of hoons?&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://news.drive.com.au/motor-reviews?utm_source=rainbowstrip&amp;utm_medium=mastheads&amp;utm_campaign=500carreviews&quot; class=&quot;trackingClick&quot; data-tracking-types=&quot;ga&quot; data-tracking-stop-event=&quot;true&quot; data-ga-action=&quot;RainbowStrip Click&quot; data-ga-category=&quot;RainbowStrip&quot;&gt;Over 500 car reviews a year&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.drive.com.au/buy-used-cars?utm_source=rainbowstrip&amp;utm_medium=mastheads&amp;utm_campaign=carsforsale&quot; class=&quot;trackingClick&quot; data-tracking-types=&quot;ga&quot; data-tracking-stop-event=&quot;true&quot; data-ga-action=&quot;RainbowStrip Click&quot; data-ga-category=&quot;RainbowStrip&quot;&gt;Cars for sale on Drive.com.au&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;/div&gt;&lt;!-- class:s2 cDrive --&gt; &lt;div class=&quot;s3 cInvestSmart&quot;&gt; &lt;!-- Campaign ID: 1262230 --&gt; &lt;h2&gt;&lt;a title=&quot;Managed Funds&quot; class=&quot;trackingClick&quot; data-tracking-types=&quot;ga&quot; data-tracking-stop-event=&quot;true&quot; data-ga-action=&quot;RainbowStrip Click&quot; data-ga-category=&quot;RainbowStrip&quot; href=&quot;http://www.investsmart.com.au&quot;&gt;Managed Funds&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/h&gt; &lt;div class=&quot;puff&quot;&gt; &lt;a href=&quot;http://www.investsmart.com.au/share_trading/one_off_sale.asp?s_rid=rainbowstrip:oneoffsale1&quot; rel=&quot;nofollow&quot; class=&quot;trackingClick&quot; data-tracking-types=&quot;ga&quot; data-tracking-stop-event=&quot;true&quot; data-ga-action=&quot;RainbowStrip Click&quot; data-ga-category=&quot;RainbowStrip&quot; &gt; &lt;img src=&quot;http://images.smh.com.au/2010/05/26/1508350/soldhammer-172x115.gif&quot; width=&quot;172&quot; alt=&quot;InvestSMART one off sales&quot;/&gt;&lt;/a&gt; &lt;h5&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.investsmart.com.au/share_trading/one_off_sale.asp?s_rid=rainbowstrip:oneoffsale1&quot; rel=&quot;nofollow&quot; title=&quot;oneoffsharesales&quot; class=&quot;trackingClick&quot; data-tracking-types=&quot;ga&quot; data-tracking-stop-event=&quot;true&quot; data-ga-action=&quot;RainbowStrip Click&quot; data-ga-category=&quot;RainbowStrip&quot;&gt;One Off Share Sales&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/h&gt; &lt;/div&gt;&lt;!-- class:puff --&gt; &lt;ul&gt;&lt;li class=&quot;lInvestSmart&quot;&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.investsmart.com.au&quot; class=&quot;trackingClick&quot; data-tracking-types=&quot;ga&quot; data-tracking-stop-event=&quot;true&quot; data-ga-action=&quot;RainbowStrip Click&quot; data-ga-category=&quot;RainbowStrip&quot;&gt;Investsmart.com.au&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://cash.investsmart.com.au/savings-accounts?s_rid=rainbowstrip:savingsaccbl&quot; class=&quot;trackingClick&quot; data-tracking-types=&quot;ga&quot; data-tracking-stop-event=&quot;true&quot; data-ga-action=&quot;RainbowStrip Click&quot; data-ga-category=&quot;RainbowStrip&quot;&gt;4.51% On Savings Accounts!&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.investsmart.com.au/share_trading/open_account.asp&quot; class=&quot;trackingClick&quot; data-tracking-types=&quot;ga&quot; data-tracking-stop-event=&quot;true&quot; data-ga-action=&quot;RainbowStrip Click&quot; data-ga-category=&quot;RainbowStrip&quot;&gt;Share Trading&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.investsmart.com.au/managed-funds/top-managed-funds.asp?s_rid=rainbowstrip:bestinvestments&quot; class=&quot;trackingClick&quot; data-tracking-types=&quot;ga&quot; data-tracking-stop-event=&quot;true&quot; data-ga-action=&quot;RainbowStrip Click&quot; data-ga-category=&quot;RainbowStrip&quot;&gt;Best Performing Investments&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;/div&gt;&lt;!-- class:s3 cInvestSmart --&gt; &lt;div class=&quot;s4 cRsvp&quot;&gt; &lt;!-- Campaign ID: 1262233 --&gt; &lt;h2&gt;&lt;a title=&quot;Dating&quot; class=&quot;trackingClick&quot; data-tracking-types=&quot;ga&quot; data-tracking-stop-event=&quot;true&quot; data-ga-action=&quot;RainbowStrip Click&quot; data-ga-category=&quot;RainbowStrip&quot; href=&quot;http://www.rsvp.com.au&quot;&gt;Dating&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/h&gt; &lt;div class=&quot;puff&quot;&gt; &lt;a href=&quot;http://www.rsvp.com.au/?utm_source=ffx&amp;utm_medium=rainbow_strip&amp;utm_term=hero&amp;utm_content=smh&amp;utm_campaign=aus_fav_dating_site&quot; rel=&quot;nofollow&quot; class=&quot;trackingClick&quot; data-tracking-types=&quot;ga&quot; data-tracking-stop-event=&quot;true&quot; data-ga-action=&quot;RainbowStrip Click&quot; data-ga-category=&quot;RainbowStrip&quot; &gt; &lt;img src=&quot;http://images.smh.com.au/2010/12/03/2077688/RSVP_cpl_beefy-172x115.jpg&quot; width=&quot;172&quot; alt=&quot;Couple in a piggyback pose&quot;/&gt;&lt;/a&gt; &lt;h5&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.rsvp.com.au/?utm_source=ffx&amp;utm_medium=rainbow_strip&amp;utm_term=hero&amp;utm_content=smh&amp;utm_campaign=aus_fav_dating_site&quot; rel=&quot;nofollow&quot; title=&quot;australiasfavouritedatingsite&quot; class=&quot;trackingClick&quot; data-tracking-types=&quot;ga&quot; data-tracking-stop-event=&quot;true&quot; data-ga-action=&quot;RainbowStrip Click&quot; data-ga-category=&quot;RainbowStrip&quot;&gt;Australia's Favourite Dating Site&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/h&gt; &lt;/div&gt;&lt;!-- class:puff --&gt; &lt;ul&gt;&lt;li class=&quot;lRsvp&quot;&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.rsvp.com.au&quot; class=&quot;trackingClick&quot; data-tracking-types=&quot;ga&quot; data-tracking-stop-event=&quot;true&quot; data-ga-action=&quot;RainbowStrip Click&quot; data-ga-category=&quot;RainbowStrip&quot;&gt;Rsvp.com.au&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.rsvp.com.au/advanced+search/find+local+singles.jsp?utm_source=ffx&amp;utm_medium=rainbow_strip&amp;utm_term=meet_syd_singles&amp;utm_content=smh&amp;utm_campaign=aus_fav_dating_site&quot; class=&quot;trackingClick&quot; data-tracking-types=&quot;ga&quot; data-tracking-stop-event=&quot;true&quot; data-ga-action=&quot;RainbowStrip Click&quot; data-ga-category=&quot;RainbowStrip&quot;&gt;Meet Sydney singles&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.rsvp.com.au/join-now/dating?utm_source=ffx&amp;utm_medium=rainbow_strip&amp;utm_term=get_started_for_free&amp;utm_content=smh&amp;utm_campaign=aus_fav_dating_site&quot; class=&quot;trackingClick&quot; data-tracking-types=&quot;ga&quot; data-tracking-stop-event=&quot;true&quot; data-ga-action=&quot;RainbowStrip Click&quot; data-ga-category=&quot;RainbowStrip&quot;&gt;Get started for free!&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.rsvp.com.au/singles+events.jsp?utm_source=ffx&amp;utm_medium=rainbow_strip&amp;utm_term=events_all_ages&amp;utm_content=smh&amp;utm_campaign=aus_fav_dating_site&quot; class=&quot;trackingClick&quot; data-tracking-types=&quot;ga&quot; data-tracking-stop-event=&quot;true&quot; data-ga-action=&quot;RainbowStrip Click&quot; data-ga-category=&quot;RainbowStrip&quot;&gt;Singles events for all ages&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;/div&gt;&lt;!-- class:s4 cRsvp --&gt; &lt;div class=&quot;s5 cSmh&quot;&gt; &lt;!-- Campaign ID: 1262236 --&gt; &lt;h2&gt;&lt;a title=&quot;Executive Style&quot; class=&quot;trackingClick&quot; data-tracking-types=&quot;ga&quot; data-tracking-stop-event=&quot;true&quot; data-ga-action=&quot;RainbowStrip Click&quot; data-ga-category=&quot;RainbowStrip&quot; href=&quot;http://www.smh.com.au&quot;&gt;Executive Style&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/h&gt; &lt;div class=&quot;puff&quot;&gt; &lt;a href=&quot;/executive-style/business-travel/the-frequent-flyer-points-whisperer-20140716-ztlxe.html?utm_source=FD&amp;utm_medium=rainbow&amp;utm_campaign=pointswhisperer&quot; rel=&quot;nofollow&quot; class=&quot;trackingClick&quot; data-tracking-types=&quot;ga&quot; data-tracking-stop-event=&quot;true&quot; data-ga-action=&quot;RainbowStrip Click&quot; data-ga-category=&quot;RainbowStrip&quot; &gt; &lt;img src=&quot;http://images.smh.com.au/2014/07/21/5611447/Steve-Hui---Qantas-A380-First-class-to-HK2_172-172x115.jpg&quot; width=&quot;172&quot; alt=&quot;Steve Hui&quot;/&gt;&lt;/a&gt; &lt;h5&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;/executive-style/business-travel/the-frequent-flyer-points-whisperer-20140716-ztlxe.html?utm_source=FD&amp;utm_medium=rainbow&amp;utm_campaign=pointswhisperer&quot; rel=&quot;nofollow&quot; title=&quot;thefrequentflyerpointswhisperer&quot; class=&quot;trackingClick&quot; data-tracking-types=&quot;ga&quot; data-tracking-stop-event=&quot;true&quot; data-ga-action=&quot;RainbowStrip Click&quot; data-ga-category=&quot;RainbowStrip&quot;&gt;The frequent flyer points whisperer&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/h&gt; &lt;/div&gt;&lt;!-- class:puff --&gt; &lt;ul&gt;&lt;li class=&quot;lSmh&quot;&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.smh.com.au&quot; class=&quot;trackingClick&quot; data-tracking-types=&quot;ga&quot; data-tracking-stop-event=&quot;true&quot; data-ga-action=&quot;RainbowStrip Click&quot; data-ga-category=&quot;RainbowStrip&quot;&gt;Smh.com.au&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;/executive-style/style/guides/style?utm_source=FD&amp;utm_medium=rainbow&amp;utm_campaign=styleguide&quot; class=&quot;trackingClick&quot; data-tracking-types=&quot;ga&quot; data-tracking-stop-event=&quot;true&quot; data-ga-action=&quot;RainbowStrip Click&quot; data-ga-category=&quot;RainbowStrip&quot;&gt;The ultimate mens style guide&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;/executive-style/luxury?utm_source=FD&amp;utm_medium=rainbow&amp;utm_campaign=luxury&quot; class=&quot;trackingClick&quot; data-tracking-types=&quot;ga&quot; data-tracking-stop-event=&quot;true&quot; data-ga-action=&quot;RainbowStrip Click&quot; data-ga-category=&quot;RainbowStrip&quot;&gt;Fashion trends and collections&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;/executive-style/management?utm_source=FD&amp;utm_medium=rainbow&amp;utm_campaign=management&quot; class=&quot;trackingClick&quot; data-tracking-types=&quot;ga&quot; data-tracking-stop-event=&quot;true&quot; data-ga-action=&quot;RainbowStrip Click&quot; data-ga-category=&quot;RainbowStrip&quot;&gt;Management secrets from the boardroom&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;/div&gt;&lt;!-- class:s5 cSmh --&gt; &lt;/div&gt;&lt;!-- class:c5 classifieds cfix --&gt; &lt;div class='affiliateTabsInitParams' selectedTab='1' selectedTitle='' style='visibility:hidden'&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div class=&quot;fN-affiliateStrip&quot;&gt; &lt;h2&gt;Compare and Save&lt;/h&gt; &lt;div class=&quot;cN-tabPages affiliateStrip cfix&quot;&gt; &lt;p class=&quot;access&quot;&gt;Skip to:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;ul class=&quot;nav&quot; role=&quot;navigation&quot;&gt; &lt;li class=&quot;tab-1 selected&quot;&gt;&lt;a id=&quot;link-tab-1&quot; href=&quot;#tab-1&quot;&gt;Best Deals&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li class=&quot;tab-2&quot;&gt;&lt;a id=&quot;link-tab-2&quot; data-remote=&quot;true&quot; data-remote-url=&quot;/action/displayComponent?name=au.com.fairfaxdigital.common.media.webapp.ui.StaticIncludeComponent&amp;designVersionName=media-common-1.0&amp;params=tab-cands-2.html&quot; href=&quot;#tab-2&quot;&gt;Mobile&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li class=&quot;tab-3&quot;&gt;&lt;a id=&quot;link-tab-3&quot; data-remote=&quot;true&quot; data-remote-url=&quot;/action/displayComponent?name=au.com.fairfaxdigital.common.media.webapp.ui.StaticIncludeComponent&amp;designVersionName=media-common-1.0&amp;params=tab-cands-3.html&quot; href=&quot;#tab-3&quot;&gt;Broadband&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li class=&quot;tab-4&quot;&gt;&lt;a id=&quot;link-tab-4&quot; data-remote=&quot;true&quot; data-remote-url=&quot;/action/displayComponent?name=au.com.fairfaxdigital.common.media.webapp.ui.StaticIncludeComponent&amp;designVersionName=media-common-1.0&amp;params=tab-cands-4.html&quot; href=&quot;#tab-4&quot;&gt;Home Loans&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li class=&quot;tab-5&quot;&gt;&lt;a id=&quot;link-tab-5&quot; data-remote=&quot;true&quot; data-remote-url=&quot;/action/displayComponent?name=au.com.fairfaxdigital.common.media.webapp.ui.StaticIncludeComponent&amp;designVersionName=media-common-1.0&amp;params=tab-cands-5.html&quot; href=&quot;#tab-5&quot;&gt;Credit Cards&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li class=&quot;tab-6&quot;&gt;&lt;a id=&quot;link-tab-6&quot; data-remote=&quot;true&quot; data-remote-url=&quot;/action/displayComponent?name=au.com.fairfaxdigital.common.media.webapp.ui.StaticIncludeComponent&amp;designVersionName=media-common-1.0&amp;params=tab-cands-6.html&quot; href=&quot;#tab-6&quot;&gt;Low Rate Cards&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li class=&quot;tab-7&quot;&gt;&lt;a id=&quot;link-tab-7&quot; data-remote=&quot;true&quot; data-remote-url=&quot;/action/displayComponent?name=au.com.fairfaxdigital.common.media.webapp.ui.StaticIncludeComponent&amp;designVersionName=media-common-1.0&amp;params=tab-cands-7.html&quot; href=&quot;#tab-7&quot;&gt;Rewards Cards&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li class=&quot;tab-8&quot;&gt;&lt;a id=&quot;link-tab-8&quot; data-remote=&quot;true&quot; data-remote-url=&quot;/action/displayComponent?name=au.com.fairfaxdigital.common.media.webapp.ui.StaticIncludeComponent&amp;designVersionName=media-common-1.0&amp;params=tab-cands-8.html&quot; href=&quot;#tab-8&quot;&gt;Savings Accts&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li class=&quot;tab-9&quot;&gt;&lt;a id=&quot;link-tab-9&quot; data-remote=&quot;true&quot; data-remote-url=&quot;/action/displayComponent?name=au.com.fairfaxdigital.common.media.webapp.ui.StaticIncludeComponent&amp;designVersionName=media-common-1.0&amp;params=tab-cands-9.html&quot; href=&quot;#tab-9&quot;&gt;Money Deals&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li class=&quot;tab-10 last&quot;&gt;&lt;a id=&quot;link-tab-10&quot; data-remote=&quot;true&quot; data-remote-url=&quot;/action/displayComponent?name=au.com.fairfaxdigital.common.media.webapp.ui.StaticIncludeComponent&amp;designVersionName=media-common-1.0&amp;params=tab-cands-10.html&quot; href=&quot;#tab-10&quot;&gt;Loans&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;div id=&quot;tab-1&quot; class=&quot;tab selected cfix&quot; aria-live=&quot;polite&quot;&gt; &lt;h3&gt;Check out today's best deals&lt;/h&gt; &lt;div class=&quot;one&quot;&gt; &lt;h3&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://compare.smh.com.au/credit-cards?utm_source=CS_front&amp;utm_medium=CnS&amp;utm_campaign=CC_hsbcplat&amp;mpp_tab=7&quot; class=&quot;trackingClick&quot; data-tracking-types=&quot;ga,s&quot; data-tracking-stop-event=&quot;true&quot; data-ga-action=&quot;1&quot; data-ga-category=&quot;CompareSave&quot; data-ga-label=&quot;1&quot; data-sc='{&quot;events&quot;:&quot;event22&quot;,&quot;eVar22&quot;:&quot;s.prop1-s.prop2-Various-Best Deals-bottom&quot;}' data-sc-tl=&quot;compare_and_save&quot;&gt;10,000 Bonus Points&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/h&gt; &lt;a href=&quot;http://compare.smh.com.au/credit-cards?utm_source=CS_front&amp;utm_medium=CnS&amp;utm_campaign=CC_hsbcplat&amp;mpp_tab=7&quot; class=&quot;trackingClick&quot; data-tracking-types=&quot;ga,s&quot; data-tracking-stop-event=&quot;true&quot; data-ga-action=&quot;1&quot; data-ga-category=&quot;CompareSave&quot; data-ga-label=&quot;1&quot; data-sc='{&quot;events&quot;:&quot;event22&quot;,&quot;eVar22&quot;:&quot;s.prop1-s.prop2-Various-Best Deals-bottom&quot;}' data-sc-tl=&quot;compare_and_save&quot;&gt;&lt;img src=&quot;http://images.smh.com.au/compareandsave/cs-hsbc-platinum-10000.png&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; height=&quot;50&quot; /&gt;&lt;/a&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://compare.smh.com.au/credit-cards?utm_source=CS_front&amp;utm_medium=CnS&amp;utm_campaign=CC_hsbcplat&amp;mpp_tab=7&quot; class=&quot;trackingClick&quot; data-tracking-types=&quot;ga,s&quot; data-tracking-stop-event=&quot;true&quot; data-ga-action=&quot;1&quot; data-ga-category=&quot;CompareSave&quot; data-ga-label=&quot;1&quot; data-sc='{&quot;events&quot;:&quot;event22&quot;,&quot;eVar22&quot;:&quot;s.prop1-s.prop2-Various-Best Deals-bottom&quot;}' data-sc-tl=&quot;compare_and_save&quot;&gt;Earn bonus points and pay no annual fee with HSBC Platinum&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;span&gt;&lt;/span&gt; &lt;p class=&quot;links&quot;&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://compare.smh.com.au/credit-cards?utm_source=CS_front&amp;utm_medium=CnS&amp;utm_campaign=CC_hsbcplat&amp;mpp_tab=7&quot; class=&quot;trackingClick&quot; data-tracking-types=&quot;ga,s&quot; data-tracking-stop-event=&quot;true&quot; data-ga-action=&quot;1&quot; data-ga-category=&quot;CompareSave&quot; data-ga-label=&quot;1&quot; data-sc='{&quot;events&quot;:&quot;event22&quot;,&quot;eVar22&quot;:&quot;s.prop1-s.prop2-Various-Best Deals-bottom&quot;}' data-sc-tl=&quot;compare_and_save&quot;&gt;Find Out More&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div class=&quot;two&quot;&gt; &lt;h3&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://compare.smh.com.au/bank-accounts?utm_source=CS_front&amp;utm_medium=CnS&amp;utm_campaign=BA_hsbc50&quot; class=&quot;trackingClick&quot; data-tracking-types=&quot;ga,s&quot; data-tracking-stop-event=&quot;true&quot; data-ga-action=&quot;1&quot; data-ga-category=&quot;CompareSave&quot; data-ga-label=&quot;2&quot; data-sc='{&quot;events&quot;:&quot;event22&quot;,&quot;eVar22&quot;:&quot;s.prop1-s.prop2-Various-Best Deals-bottom&quot;}' data-sc-tl=&quot;compare_and_save&quot;&gt;HSBC $50 Bonus&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/h&gt; &lt;a href=&quot;http://compare.smh.com.au/bank-accounts?utm_source=CS_front&amp;utm_medium=CnS&amp;utm_campaign=BA_hsbc50&quot; class=&quot;trackingClick&quot; data-tracking-types=&quot;ga,s&quot; data-tracking-stop-event=&quot;true&quot; data-ga-action=&quot;1&quot; data-ga-category=&quot;CompareSave&quot; data-ga-label=&quot;2&quot; data-sc='{&quot;events&quot;:&quot;event22&quot;,&quot;eVar22&quot;:&quot;s.prop1-s.prop2-Various-Best Deals-bottom&quot;}' data-sc-tl=&quot;compare_and_save&quot;&gt;&lt;img src=&quot;http://images.smh.com.au/compareandsave/cs-hsbc-ba-50-bonus-2.png&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; height=&quot;50&quot; /&gt;&lt;/a&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://compare.smh.com.au/bank-accounts?utm_source=CS_front&amp;utm_medium=CnS&amp;utm_campaign=BA_hsbc50&quot; class=&quot;trackingClick&quot; data-tracking-types=&quot;ga,s&quot; data-tracking-stop-event=&quot;true&quot; data-ga-action=&quot;1&quot; data-ga-category=&quot;CompareSave&quot; data-ga-label=&quot;2&quot; data-sc='{&quot;events&quot;:&quot;event22&quot;,&quot;eVar22&quot;:&quot;s.prop1-s.prop2-Various-Best Deals-bottom&quot;}' data-sc-tl=&quot;compare_and_save&quot;&gt;For new Day To Day Account customers. Conditions apply&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;span&gt;&lt;/span&gt; &lt;p class=&quot;links&quot;&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://compare.smh.com.au/bank-accounts?utm_source=CS_front&amp;utm_medium=CnS&amp;utm_campaign=BA_hsbc50&quot; class=&quot;trackingClick&quot; data-tracking-types=&quot;ga,s&quot; data-tracking-stop-event=&quot;true&quot; data-ga-action=&quot;1&quot; data-ga-category=&quot;CompareSave&quot; data-ga-label=&quot;2&quot; data-sc='{&quot;events&quot;:&quot;event22&quot;,&quot;eVar22&quot;:&quot;s.prop1-s.prop2-Various-Best Deals-bottom&quot;}' data-sc-tl=&quot;compare_and_save&quot;&gt;Find Out More&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div class=&quot;three&quot;&gt; &lt;h3&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://compare.smh.com.au/rewards-credit-cards?utm_source=CS_front&amp;utm_medium=CnS&amp;utm_campaign=CC_colesrewards&quot; class=&quot;trackingClick&quot; data-tracking-types=&quot;ga,s&quot; data-tracking-stop-event=&quot;true&quot; data-ga-action=&quot;1&quot; data-ga-category=&quot;CompareSave&quot; data-ga-label=&quot;3&quot; data-sc='{&quot;events&quot;:&quot;event22&quot;,&quot;eVar22&quot;:&quot;s.prop1-s.prop2-Various-Best Deals-bottom&quot;}' data-sc-tl=&quot;compare_and_save&quot;&gt;2 For 1 Rewards&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/h&gt; &lt;a href=&quot;http://compare.smh.com.au/rewards-credit-cards?utm_source=CS_front&amp;utm_medium=CnS&amp;utm_campaign=CC_colesrewards&quot; class=&quot;trackingClick&quot; data-tracking-types=&quot;ga,s&quot; data-tracking-stop-event=&quot;true&quot; data-ga-action=&quot;1&quot; data-ga-category=&quot;CompareSave&quot; data-ga-label=&quot;3&quot; data-sc='{&quot;events&quot;:&quot;event22&quot;,&quot;eVar22&quot;:&quot;s.prop1-s.prop2-Various-Best Deals-bottom&quot;}' data-sc-tl=&quot;compare_and_save&quot;&gt;&lt;img src=&quot;http://images.smh.com.au/compareandsave/cs-colesmastercard-rewards.png&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; height=&quot;50&quot; /&gt;&lt;/a&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://compare.smh.com.au/rewards-credit-cards?utm_source=CS_front&amp;utm_medium=CnS&amp;utm_campaign=CC_colesrewards&quot; class=&quot;trackingClick&quot; data-tracking-types=&quot;ga,s&quot; data-tracking-stop-event=&quot;true&quot; data-ga-action=&quot;1&quot; data-ga-category=&quot;CompareSave&quot; data-ga-label=&quot;3&quot; data-sc='{&quot;events&quot;:&quot;event22&quot;,&quot;eVar22&quot;:&quot;s.prop1-s.prop2-Various-Best Deals-bottom&quot;}' data-sc-tl=&quot;compare_and_save&quot;&gt;Earn 2 flybuys points per $1 spent on eligible purchases&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;span&gt;&lt;/span&gt; &lt;p class=&quot;links&quot;&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://compare.smh.com.au/rewards-credit-cards?utm_source=CS_front&amp;utm_medium=CnS&amp;utm_campaign=CC_colesrewards&quot; class=&quot;trackingClick&quot; data-tracking-types=&quot;ga,s&quot; data-tracking-stop-event=&quot;true&quot; data-ga-action=&quot;1&quot; data-ga-category=&quot;CompareSave&quot; data-ga-label=&quot;3&quot; data-sc='{&quot;events&quot;:&quot;event22&quot;,&quot;eVar22&quot;:&quot;s.prop1-s.prop2-Various-Best Deals-bottom&quot;}' data-sc-tl=&quot;compare_and_save&quot;&gt;Coles Rewards&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div class=&quot;four&quot;&gt; &lt;h3&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://mobile-phones.smh.com.au/MobilePhones?utm_source=Widget_Fairfax_SMH_CompareAndSave&amp;utm_medium=Widget&amp;utm_campaign=Get_a_New_Phone_Deal&quot; class=&quot;trackingClick&quot; data-tracking-types=&quot;ga,s&quot; data-tracking-stop-event=&quot;true&quot; data-ga-action=&quot;1&quot; data-ga-category=&quot;CompareSave&quot; data-ga-label=&quot;4&quot; data-sc='{&quot;events&quot;:&quot;event22&quot;,&quot;eVar22&quot;:&quot;s.prop1-s.prop2-Various-Best Deals-bottom&quot;}' data-sc-tl=&quot;compare_and_save&quot;&gt;Get a New Phone Deal&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/h&gt; &lt;a href=&quot;http://mobile-phones.smh.com.au/MobilePhones?utm_source=Widget_Fairfax_SMH_CompareAndSave&amp;utm_medium=Widget&amp;utm_campaign=Get_a_New_Phone_Deal&quot; class=&quot;trackingClick&quot; data-tracking-types=&quot;ga,s&quot; data-tracking-stop-event=&quot;true&quot; data-ga-action=&quot;1&quot; data-ga-category=&quot;CompareSave&quot; data-ga-label=&quot;4&quot; data-sc='{&quot;events&quot;:&quot;event22&quot;,&quot;eVar22&quot;:&quot;s.prop1-s.prop2-Various-Best Deals-bottom&quot;}' data-sc-tl=&quot;compare_and_save&quot;&gt;&lt;img src=&quot;http://images.smh.com.au/compareandsave/mobile_160x70_0614_iphone_a.jpg&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; height=&quot;50&quot; /&gt;&lt;/a&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://mobile-phones.smh.com.au/MobilePhones?utm_source=Widget_Fairfax_SMH_CompareAndSave&amp;utm_medium=Widget&amp;utm_campaign=Get_a_New_Phone_Deal&quot; class=&quot;trackingClick&quot; data-tracking-types=&quot;ga,s&quot; data-tracking-stop-event=&quot;true&quot; data-ga-action=&quot;1&quot; data-ga-category=&quot;CompareSave&quot; data-ga-label=&quot;4&quot; data-sc='{&quot;events&quot;:&quot;event22&quot;,&quot;eVar22&quot;:&quot;s.prop1-s.prop2-Various-Best Deals-bottom&quot;}' data-sc-tl=&quot;compare_and_save&quot;&gt;With 2 Months Free or Triple Data&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;span&gt;&lt;/span&gt; &lt;p class=&quot;links&quot;&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://mobile-phones.smh.com.au/MobilePhones?utm_source=Widget_Fairfax_SMH_CompareAndSave&amp;utm_medium=Widget&amp;utm_campaign=Get_a_New_Phone_Deal&quot; class=&quot;trackingClick&quot; data-tracking-types=&quot;ga,s&quot; data-tracking-stop-event=&quot;true&quot; data-ga-action=&quot;1&quot; data-ga-category=&quot;CompareSave&quot; data-ga-label=&quot;4&quot; data-sc='{&quot;events&quot;:&quot;event22&quot;,&quot;eVar22&quot;:&quot;s.prop1-s.prop2-Various-Best Deals-bottom&quot;}' data-sc-tl=&quot;compare_and_save&quot;&gt;Compare Phone Deals&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div class=&quot;five&quot;&gt; &lt;h3&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://mobile-phones.smh.com.au/MobilePhones?utm_source=Widget_Fairfax_SMH_CompareAndSave&amp;utm_medium=Widget&amp;utm_campaign=Compare_them_here&quot; class=&quot;trackingClick&quot; data-tracking-types=&quot;ga,s&quot; data-tracking-stop-event=&quot;true&quot; data-ga-action=&quot;1&quot; data-ga-category=&quot;CompareSave&quot; data-ga-label=&quot;5&quot; data-sc='{&quot;events&quot;:&quot;event22&quot;,&quot;eVar22&quot;:&quot;s.prop1-s.prop2-Various-Best Deals-bottom&quot;}' data-sc-tl=&quot;compare_and_save&quot;&gt;Compare them here&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/h&gt; &lt;a href=&quot;http://mobile-phones.smh.com.au/MobilePhones?utm_source=Widget_Fairfax_SMH_CompareAndSave&amp;utm_medium=Widget&amp;utm_campaign=Compare_them_here&quot; class=&quot;trackingClick&quot; data-tracking-types=&quot;ga,s&quot; data-tracking-stop-event=&quot;true&quot; data-ga-action=&quot;1&quot; data-ga-category=&quot;CompareSave&quot; data-ga-label=&quot;5&quot; data-sc='{&quot;events&quot;:&quot;event22&quot;,&quot;eVar22&quot;:&quot;s.prop1-s.prop2-Various-Best Deals-bottom&quot;}' data-sc-tl=&quot;compare_and_save&quot;&gt;&lt;img src=&quot;http://images.smh.com.au/compareandsave/mobile_160x70_0614_iphone_b.jpg&quot; width=&quot;60&quot; height=&quot;50&quot; /&gt;&lt;/a&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://mobile-phones.smh.com.au/MobilePhones?utm_source=Widget_Fairfax_SMH_CompareAndSave&amp;utm_medium=Widget&amp;utm_campaign=Compare_them_here&quot; class=&quot;trackingClick&quot; data-tracking-types=&quot;ga,s&quot; data-tracking-stop-event=&quot;true&quot; data-ga-action=&quot;1&quot; data-ga-category=&quot;CompareSave&quot; data-ga-label=&quot;5&quot; data-sc='{&quot;events&quot;:&quot;event22&quot;,&quot;eVar22&quot;:&quot;s.prop1-s.prop2-Various-Best Deals-bottom&quot;}' data-sc-tl=&quot;compare_and_save&quot;&gt;Find a new deal here from all major carriers&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;span&gt;&lt;/span&gt; &lt;p class=&quot;links&quot;&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://mobile-phones.smh.com.au/MobilePhones?utm_source=Widget_Fairfax_SMH_CompareAndSave&amp;utm_medium=Widget&amp;utm_campaign=Compare_them_here&quot; class=&quot;trackingClick&quot; data-tracking-types=&quot;ga,s&quot; data-tracking-stop-event=&quot;true&quot; data-ga-action=&quot;1&quot; data-ga-category=&quot;CompareSave&quot; data-ga-label=&quot;5&quot; data-sc='{&quot;events&quot;:&quot;event22&quot;,&quot;eVar22&quot;:&quot;s.prop1-s.prop2-Various-Best Deals-bottom&quot;}' data-sc-tl=&quot;compare_and_save&quot;&gt;Compare Deals&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div id=&quot;tab-2&quot; class=&quot;tab cfix&quot; aria-live=&quot;polite&quot;&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div id=&quot;tab-3&quot; class=&quot;tab cfix&quot; aria-live=&quot;polite&quot;&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div id=&quot;tab-4&quot; class=&quot;tab cfix&quot; aria-live=&quot;polite&quot;&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div id=&quot;tab-5&quot; class=&quot;tab cfix&quot; aria-live=&quot;polite&quot;&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div id=&quot;tab-6&quot; class=&quot;tab cfix&quot; aria-live=&quot;polite&quot;&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div id=&quot;tab-7&quot; class=&quot;tab cfix&quot; aria-live=&quot;polite&quot;&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div id=&quot;tab-8&quot; class=&quot;tab cfix&quot; aria-live=&quot;polite&quot;&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div id=&quot;tab-9&quot; class=&quot;tab cfix&quot; aria-live=&quot;polite&quot;&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div id=&quot;tab-10&quot; class=&quot;tab cfix&quot; aria-live=&quot;polite&quot;&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;!-- Reader's most viewed --&gt; &lt;div class=&quot;c5 top5 cfix&quot;&gt; &lt;h2 class=&quot;cfix&quot;&gt;Readers' most viewed&lt;/h&gt; &lt;div class=&quot;s1 lBT&quot;&gt; &lt;a href=&quot;http://www.brisbanetimes.com.au&quot;&gt;Most viewed articles on Brisbane Times&lt;/a&gt; &lt;h5&gt;Top 5 &lt;a href=&quot;http://www.brisbanetimes.com.au/sport&quot;&gt;Sport&lt;/a&gt; articles&lt;/h&gt; &lt;ol&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.brisbanetimes.com.au/sport/cycling/tour-de-france-luke-durbridge-ready-for-one-last-effort-before-tour-finish-in-paris-20140725-zwn0v.html&quot; title=&quot;Tour de France: Luke Durbridge ready for one last effort before Tour finish in Paris&quot; style=&quot;&quot;&gt;Tour de France: Luke Durbridge ready for one last effort before Tour finish in Paris&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.brisbanetimes.com.au/sport/horseracing/stable-party-trick-shows-atmospherical-is-more-houdini-than-mr-ed-20140724-zwmgm.html&quot; title=&quot;Stable party trick shows Atmospherical is more Houdini than Mr Ed&quot; style=&quot;&quot;&gt;Stable party trick shows Atmospherical is more Houdini than Mr Ed&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.brisbanetimes.com.au/sport/soccer/frank-lampard-melbourne-city-decision-pending-20140725-zwoxe.html&quot; title=&quot;Frank Lampard Melbourne City decision pending&quot; style=&quot;&quot;&gt;Frank Lampard Melbourne City decision pending&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.brisbanetimes.com.au/sport/tennis/i-dont-think-so-eugenie-bouchard-confirms-end-of-friendship-with-laura-robson-20140705-zsxc0.html&quot; title=&quot;'I don't think so': Eugenie Bouchard confirms end of friendship with Laura Robson&quot; style=&quot;&quot;&gt;'I don't think so': Eugenie Bouchard confirms end of friendship with Laura Robson&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.brisbanetimes.com.au/sport/cricket/michael-clarke-regrets-nothing-from-homeworkgate-drama-20140724-zwhkg.html&quot; title=&quot;Michael Clarke regrets nothing from &quot;Homework-gate&quot; drama&quot; style=&quot;&quot;&gt;Michael Clarke regrets nothing from &quot;Homework-gate&quot; drama&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ol&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div class=&quot;s2 lSmh&quot;&gt; &lt;a href=&quot;http://www.smh.com.au&quot;&gt;Most viewed articles on The Sydney Morning Herald&lt;/a&gt; &lt;h5&gt;Top 5 &lt;a href=&quot;http://www.smh.com.au/sport&quot;&gt;Sport&lt;/a&gt; articles&lt;/h&gt; &lt;ol&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.smh.com.au/sport/horseracing/stable-party-trick-shows-atmospherical-is-more-houdini-than-mr-ed-20140724-zwmgm.html&quot; title=&quot;Stable party trick shows Atmospherical is more Houdini than Mr Ed&quot; style=&quot;&quot;&gt;Stable party trick shows Atmospherical is more Houdini than Mr Ed&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.smh.com.au/sport/cycling/tour-de-france-luke-durbridge-ready-for-one-last-effort-before-tour-finish-in-paris-20140725-zwn0v.html&quot; title=&quot;Tour de France: Luke Durbridge ready for one last effort before Tour finish in Paris&quot; style=&quot;&quot;&gt;Tour de France: Luke Durbridge ready for one last effort before Tour finish in Paris&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.smh.com.au/sport/cycling/brandie-o8217connor-nathan-hart-pick-up-canberras-first-medals-at-glasgow-commonwealth-games-20140725-zwncv.html&quot; title=&quot;Brandie O&amp;#8217;Connor, Nathan Hart pick up Canberra's first medals at Glasgow Commonwealth Games&quot; style=&quot;&quot;&gt;Brandie O&amp;#8217;Connor, Nathan Hart pick up Canberra's first medals at Glasgow Commonwealth Games&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.smh.com.au/sport/soccer/frank-lampard-melbourne-city-decision-pending-20140725-zwoxe.html&quot; title=&quot;Frank Lampard Melbourne City decision pending&quot; style=&quot;&quot;&gt;Frank Lampard Melbourne City decision pending&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.smh.com.au/sport/tennis/rising-star-ajla-tomljanovic-to-boost-australian-tennis-stocks-20140724-zwg4c.html&quot; title=&quot;Rising star Ajla Tomljanovic to boost Australian tennis stocks&quot; style=&quot;&quot;&gt;Rising star Ajla Tomljanovic to boost Australian tennis stocks&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ol&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div class=&quot;s3 lAge&quot;&gt; &lt;a href=&quot;http://www.theage.com.au&quot;&gt;Most viewed articles on The Age&lt;/a&gt; &lt;h5&gt;Top 5 &lt;a href=&quot;http://www.theage.com.au/sport&quot;&gt;Sport&lt;/a&gt; articles&lt;/h&gt; &lt;ol&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.theage.com.au/sport/cycling/tour-de-france-luke-durbridge-ready-for-one-last-effort-before-tour-finish-in-paris-20140725-zwn0v.html&quot; title=&quot;Tour de France: Luke Durbridge ready for one last effort before Tour finish in Paris&quot; style=&quot;&quot;&gt;Tour de France: Luke Durbridge ready for one last effort before Tour finish in Paris&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.theage.com.au/sport/soccer/frank-lampard-melbourne-city-decision-pending-20140725-zwoxe.html&quot; title=&quot;Frank Lampard Melbourne City decision pending&quot; style=&quot;&quot;&gt;Frank Lampard Melbourne City decision pending&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.theage.com.au/sport/horseracing/stable-party-trick-shows-atmospherical-is-more-houdini-than-mr-ed-20140724-zwmgm.html&quot; title=&quot;Stable party trick shows Atmospherical is more Houdini than Mr Ed&quot; style=&quot;&quot;&gt;Stable party trick shows Atmospherical is more Houdini than Mr Ed&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.theage.com.au/sport/cycling/brandie-o8217connor-nathan-hart-pick-up-canberras-first-medals-at-glasgow-commonwealth-games-20140725-zwncv.html&quot; title=&quot;Brandie O&amp;#8217;Connor, Nathan Hart pick up Canberra's first medals at Glasgow Commonwealth Games&quot; style=&quot;&quot;&gt;Brandie O&amp;#8217;Connor, Nathan Hart pick up Canberra's first medals at Glasgow Commonwealth Games&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.theage.com.au/sport/international-ice-hockey-series-packs-them-in-for-showbiz-sport-20140725-zwe0p.html&quot; title=&quot;International ice hockey series packs them in for showbiz sport&quot; style=&quot;&quot;&gt;International ice hockey series packs them in for showbiz sport&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ol&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div class=&quot;s4 lCanberratimes&quot;&gt; &lt;a href=&quot;http://www.canberratimes.com.au&quot;&gt;Most viewed articles on Canberra Times&lt;/a&gt; &lt;h5&gt;Top 5 &lt;a href=&quot;http://www.canberratimes.com.au/sport&quot;&gt;Sport&lt;/a&gt; articles&lt;/h&gt; &lt;ol&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.canberratimes.com.au/sport/cycling/brandie-o8217connor-nathan-hart-pick-up-canberras-first-medals-at-glasgow-commonwealth-games-20140725-zwncv.html&quot; title=&quot;Brandie O&amp;#8217;Connor, Nathan Hart pick up Canberra's first medals at Glasgow Commonwealth Games&quot; style=&quot;&quot;&gt;Brandie O&amp;#8217;Connor, Nathan Hart pick up Canberra's first medals at Glasgow Commonwealth Games&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.canberratimes.com.au/sport/cycling/tour-de-france-luke-durbridge-ready-for-one-last-effort-before-tour-finish-in-paris-20140725-zwn0v.html&quot; title=&quot;Tour de France: Luke Durbridge ready for one last effort before Tour finish in Paris&quot; style=&quot;&quot;&gt;Tour de France: Luke Durbridge ready for one last effort before Tour finish in Paris&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.canberratimes.com.au/sport/act-sport/age-no-barrier-for-marie-larsen--hockeys-recordbreaker-20140724-zw5zh.html&quot; title=&quot;Age no barrier for Marie Larsen - hockey's record-breaker&quot; style=&quot;&quot;&gt;Age no barrier for Marie Larsen - hockey's record-breaker&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.canberratimes.com.au/sport/act-sport/canberra-united-signs-sponsor-goalkeeper-for-new-wleague-season-20140724-zwhs7.html&quot; title=&quot;Canberra United signs sponsor, goalkeeper for new W-League season&quot; style=&quot;&quot;&gt;Canberra United signs sponsor, goalkeeper for new W-League season&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.canberratimes.com.au/sport/its-about-respect--time-for-nfls-redskins-to-change-team-name-20140724-zwj7p.html&quot; title=&quot;'It's about respect' - time for NFL's Redskins to change team name&quot; style=&quot;&quot;&gt;'It's about respect' - time for NFL's Redskins to change team name&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ol&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div class=&quot;s5 lWAToday&quot;&gt; &lt;a href=&quot;http://www.watoday.com.au&quot;&gt;Most viewed articles on WA Today&lt;/a&gt; &lt;h5&gt;Top 5 &lt;a href=&quot;http://www.watoday.com.au/sport&quot;&gt;Sport&lt;/a&gt; articles&lt;/h&gt; &lt;ol&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.watoday.com.au/sport/cycling/tour-de-france-luke-durbridge-ready-for-one-last-effort-before-tour-finish-in-paris-20140725-zwn0v.html&quot; title=&quot;Tour de France: Luke Durbridge ready for one last effort before Tour finish in Paris&quot; style=&quot;&quot;&gt;Tour de France: Luke Durbridge ready for one last effort before Tour finish in Paris&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.watoday.com.au/sport/tennis/tomics-we-werent-dumped-by-img-and-are-not-threatened-by-nick-kyrgios-20140723-zvybc.html&quot; title=&quot;Tomics: we weren't dumped by IMG and are not threatened by Nick Kyrgios&quot; style=&quot;&quot;&gt;Tomics: we weren't dumped by IMG and are not threatened by Nick Kyrgios&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.watoday.com.au/sport/cricket/shane-warne-in-road-rage-incident-20120117-1q4lc.html&quot; title=&quot;Shane Warne in road rage incident&quot; style=&quot;&quot;&gt;Shane Warne in road rage incident&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.watoday.com.au/sport/cycling/nibali-yet-to-test-himself-20140724-3cige.html&quot; title=&quot;Nibali yet to test himself&quot; style=&quot;&quot;&gt;Nibali yet to test himself&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.watoday.com.au/sport/cycling/richie-porte-great-to-see-an-aussie-win-even-from-a-rival-team-20140723-zvwvd.html&quot; title=&quot;Richie Porte: Great to see an Aussie win, even from a rival team&quot; style=&quot;&quot;&gt;Richie Porte: Great to see an Aussie win, even from a rival team&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ol&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div id=&quot;adspot-728x90_468x60-pos-2&quot; class=&quot;ad&quot; style='display:none;'&gt; &lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot;&gt; var titan = window.titan || {}; titan.requestAd = titan.requestAd || []; titan.requestAd.push(&quot;adspot-728x90_468x60-pos-2&quot;); &lt;/script&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;ul class=&quot;fSectionLinks cfix&quot;&gt; &lt;li &gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.smh.com.au/&quot; title=&quot;SMH Home&quot;&gt;SMH Home&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li &gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.smh.com.au/nsw&quot; title=&quot;NSW&quot;&gt;NSW&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li &gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.smh.com.au/federal-politics&quot; title=&quot;Federal Politics&quot;&gt;Federal Politics&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li &gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.smh.com.au/world&quot; title=&quot;World&quot;&gt;World&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li &gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.smh.com.au/national&quot; title=&quot;National&quot;&gt;National&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li &gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.smh.com.au/environment&quot; title=&quot;Environment&quot;&gt;Environment&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li &gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.smh.com.au/business&quot; title=&quot;Business&quot;&gt;Business&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li &gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.smh.com.au/digital-life&quot; title=&quot;Digital Life&quot;&gt;Digital Life&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li &gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.smh.com.au/entertainment/&quot; title=&quot;Entertainment&quot;&gt;Entertainment&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li &gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.smh.com.au/lifestyle&quot; title=&quot;Life &amp;amp; Style&quot;&gt;Life &amp;amp; Style&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li &gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.smh.com.au/travel&quot; title=&quot;Travel&quot;&gt;Travel&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li &gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.smh.com.au/news-reviews&quot; title=&quot;Cars&quot;&gt;Cars&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li &gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.smh.com.au/executive-style&quot; title=&quot;Exec Style&quot;&gt;Exec Style&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li &gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.smh.com.au/sport&quot; title=&quot;Sport&quot;&gt;Sport&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li class=&quot;last&quot;&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://weather.smh.com.au/local.jsp&quot; title=&quot;Weather&quot;&gt;Weather&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;!-- Footer masthead links and copyright --&gt; &lt;div class=&quot;fMastheadLinks cfix&quot;&gt; &lt;ul class=&quot;span-4 cfix&quot;&gt; &lt;li class=&quot;first&quot;&gt;&lt;h5&gt;Sydney Morning Herald&lt;/h&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.smh.com.au/siteguide/&quot; title=&quot;Sitemap&quot;&gt;Sitemap&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.smh.com.au/aboutsmh/index.html&quot; title=&quot;About Us&quot;&gt;About Us&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.smh.com.au/support/&quot; title=&quot;Contact Us&quot;&gt;Contact Us&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://support.fairfaxmedia.com.au&quot; title=&quot;Support&quot;&gt;Support&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://adcentre.com.au/brands/the-sydney-morning-herald/&quot; title=&quot;Advertise with Us&quot;&gt;Advertise with Us&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.smh.com.au/am/&quot; title=&quot;AM Today&quot;&gt;AM Today&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.smh.com.au/newsstore/index.html&quot; title=&quot;Last 8 days&quot;&gt;Last 8 days&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.smh.com.au/text/&quot; title=&quot;Text Version&quot;&gt;Text Version&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.smh.com.au/siteguide/accessibility&quot; title=&quot;Site Accessibility Guide&quot;&gt;Site Accessibility Guide&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;ul class=&quot;span-4 cfix&quot;&gt; &lt;li class=&quot;first&quot;&gt;&lt;h5&gt;Connect&lt;/h&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://m.smh.com.au&quot; title=&quot;Mobile Site&quot;&gt;Mobile Site&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.smh.com.au/interactive/ipad-app-landing/&quot; title=&quot;SMH for iPad&quot;&gt;SMH for iPad&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.smh.com.au/todayspaper&quot; title=&quot;Today's Paper&quot;&gt;Today's Paper&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.smh.com.au/rssheadlines&quot; title=&quot;RSS&quot;&gt;RSS&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.facebook.com/sydneymorningherald&quot; title=&quot;Facebook&quot;&gt;Facebook&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;https://twitter.com/#!/smh&quot; title=&quot;Twitter&quot;&gt;Twitter&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;https://plus.google.com/u/0/+sydneymorningherald&quot; title=&quot;Google+&quot;&gt;Google+&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://instagram.com/sydneymorningherald&quot; title=&quot;Instagram&quot;&gt;Instagram&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.pinterest.com/smhcomau/&quot; title=&quot;Pinterest&quot;&gt;Pinterest&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;ul class=&quot;span-4 cfix&quot;&gt; &lt;li class=&quot;first&quot;&gt;&lt;h5&gt;Products &amp; Services&lt;/h&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;https://smh.myfairfax.com.au/members/bundles?channel_key=Dks89-tJMqw6zsOGPU5c5Q&amp;callback_uri=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.smh.com.au&amp;plain_token=true&amp;eid=houseinv:nnn-13omn271-acq-consumersubs:nnn-02/07/2013-subscribe_subscriptionlinkshomepage-all-navbar_subscribecta-nnn-smh-o&amp;campaign_code=13iaf022&amp;promote_channel=house_inventory&quot; title=&quot;Subscribe&quot;&gt;Subscribe&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.smh.com.au/myaccount&quot; title=&quot;Manage My Subscription&quot;&gt;Manage My Subscription&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://smh.fairfaxbenefits.com.au/&quot; title=&quot;My Benefits&quot;&gt;My Benefits&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;https://support.fairfaxmedia.com.au/categories/20080702-Digital-Subscriptions&quot; title=&quot;Digital Subscription FAQs&quot;&gt;Digital Subscription FAQs&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.goodfood.com.au&quot; title=&quot;Good Food Guide&quot;&gt;Good Food Guide&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.smhshop.com.au/&quot; title=&quot;SMH Shop&quot;&gt;SMH Shop&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;https://membercentre.fairfax.com.au/NewsletterSubscription.aspx&quot; title=&quot;Newsletters&quot;&gt;Newsletters&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;ul class=&quot;span-4 cfix&quot;&gt; &lt;li class=&quot;first&quot;&gt;&lt;h5&gt;Classifieds&lt;/h&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.advertisers.com.au&quot; title=&quot;Place an Ad&quot;&gt;Place an Ad&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.stayz.com.au/&quot; title=&quot;Accommodation&quot;&gt;Accommodation&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.drive.com.au/&quot; title=&quot;Cars&quot;&gt;Cars&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.rsvp.com.au/&quot; title=&quot;Dating&quot;&gt;Dating&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.adzuna.com.au&quot; title=&quot;Jobs&quot;&gt;Jobs&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://apm.com.au/&quot; title=&quot;Property Price Data&quot;&gt;Property Price Data&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.domain.com.au/&quot; title=&quot;Real Estate&quot;&gt;Real Estate&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.buyandsell.com.au/?utm_source=SMH&amp;utm_medium=HomeFooterLink&amp;utm_campaign=Buy%2Band%2BSell &quot; title=&quot;Buy and Sell&quot;&gt;Buy and Sell&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://tributes.smh.com.au/obituaries/smh-au/?utm_source=SMH&amp;utm_medium=Homefooterlink&amp;utm_campaign=SMH%2BTributes &quot; title=&quot;Tributes&quot;&gt;Tributes&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://celebrations.smh.com.au/celebration/smh-au/?utm_source=SMH&amp;utm_medium=HomeFooter&amp;utm_campaign=SMH%2BCelebrations &quot; title=&quot;Celebrations&quot;&gt;Celebrations&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.smhfeatures.com.au&quot; title=&quot;Special Reports&quot;&gt;Special Reports&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;ul class=&quot;span-4 cfix&quot;&gt; &lt;li class=&quot;first&quot;&gt;&lt;h5&gt;Fairfax Media&lt;/h&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;https://membercentre.fairfax.com.au/&quot; title=&quot;Member Centre&quot;&gt;Member Centre&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.fairfax.com.au/conditions&quot; title=&quot;Conditions of Use&quot;&gt;Conditions of Use&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.fairfax.com.au/privacy&quot; title=&quot;Privacy Policy&quot;&gt;Privacy Policy&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://newsstore.fairfax.com.au/apps/newsSearch.ac?sy=nstore&quot; title=&quot;News Store Archive&quot;&gt;News Store Archive&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.fairfaxsyndication.com/&quot; title=&quot;Photo Sales&quot;&gt;Photo Sales&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://consumer.fairfaxsyndication.com/C.aspx?VP3=ViewBox_VPage&amp;ALID=2ITHRGMNCNCN&amp;CT=Album&quot; title=&quot;Purchase Front Pages&quot;&gt;Purchase Front Pages&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.fairfaxsyndication.com/&quot; title=&quot;Fairfax Syndication&quot;&gt;Fairfax Syndication&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.fairfaxevents.com.au/&quot; title=&quot;Fairfax Events&quot;&gt;Fairfax Events&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://careers.fairfax.com.au/home.asp&quot; title=&quot;Fairfax Careers&quot;&gt;Fairfax Careers&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.presscouncil.org.au/what-we-do/&quot; title=&quot;Press Council&quot;&gt;Press Council&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;!-- This comment fixes IE6's logo problem. Might be temporary until we've got content below this point --&gt; &lt;div class=&quot;nN-footerLinks&quot;&gt; &lt;a href=&quot;http://www.fairfaxdigital.com.au&quot; class=&quot;logo&quot;&gt;Fairfax Media&lt;/a&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;h3&gt;Our Sites&lt;/h&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li class=&quot;first&quot;&gt; &lt;a title=&quot;The Sydney Morning Herald&quot; href=&quot;http://www.smh.com.au/&quot;&gt;The Sydney Morning Herald&lt;/a&gt; &lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; &lt;a title=&quot;The Age&quot; href=&quot;http://www.theage.com.au/&quot;&gt;The Age&lt;/a&gt; &lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; &lt;a title=&quot;Adzuna&quot; href=&quot;http://www.adzuna.com.au&quot;&gt;Adzuna&lt;/a&gt; &lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; &lt;a title=&quot;Domain&quot; href=&quot;http://www.domain.com.au/&quot;&gt;Domain&lt;/a&gt; &lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; &lt;a title=&quot;Drive&quot; href=&quot;http://www.drive.com.au/&quot;&gt;Drive&lt;/a&gt; &lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; &lt;a title=&quot;RSVP&quot; href=&quot;http://www.rsvp.com.au/&quot;&gt;RSVP&lt;/a&gt; &lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; &lt;a title=&quot;Essential Baby&quot; href=&quot;http://www.essentialbaby.com.au/&quot;&gt;Essential Baby&lt;/a&gt; &lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; &lt;a title=&quot;InvestSMART&quot; href=&quot;http://www.investsmart.com.au/&quot;&gt;InvestSMART&lt;/a&gt; &lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; &lt;a title=&quot;APM&quot; href=&quot;http://apm.com.au/&quot;&gt;APM&lt;/a&gt; &lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; &lt;a title=&quot;Stayz&quot; href=&quot;http://www.stayz.com.au/&quot;&gt;Stayz&lt;/a&gt; &lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; &lt;a title=&quot;Weatherzone&quot; href=&quot;http://www.weatherzone.com.au/&quot;&gt;Weatherzone&lt;/a&gt; &lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; &lt;a title=&quot;TheVine&quot; href=&quot;http://www.thevine.com.au/#utm_source=FD&amp;utm_medium=mastheadpuff&amp;utm_campaign=thevineheader&quot;&gt;TheVine&lt;/a&gt; &lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;h3&gt;Our Partners&lt;/h&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li class=&quot;first&quot;&gt; &lt;a title=&quot;Business&quot; href=&quot;http://www.business.com.au/&quot;&gt;Business&lt;/a&gt; &lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; &lt;a title=&quot;Fitness&quot; href=&quot;http://www.fitness.com.au/&quot;&gt;Fitness&lt;/a&gt; &lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; &lt;a title=&quot;Horse&quot; href=&quot;http://www.horse.com.au/&quot;&gt;Horse&lt;/a&gt; &lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; &lt;a title=&quot;Jogging&quot; href=&quot;http://www.jogging.com.au/&quot;&gt;Jogging&lt;/a&gt; &lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; &lt;a title=&quot;Lawyers&quot; href=&quot;http://www.lawyers.com.au/&quot;&gt;Lawyers&lt;/a&gt; &lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; &lt;a title=&quot;Mechanics&quot; href=&quot;http://www.mechanics.com.au/&quot;&gt;Mechanics&lt;/a&gt; &lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; &lt;a title=&quot;Credit Cards&quot; href=&quot;http://www.creditcards.com.au/&quot;&gt;Credit Cards&lt;/a&gt; &lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; &lt;a title=&quot;Wine&quot; href=&quot;http://www.wine.com.au/&quot;&gt;Wine&lt;/a&gt; &lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; &lt;a title=&quot;Wedding&quot; href=&quot;http://www.wedding.com.au/&quot;&gt;Wedding&lt;/a&gt; &lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; &lt;a title=&quot;Wine&quot; href=&quot;http://www.wine.com.au/&quot;&gt;Wine&lt;/a&gt; &lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;cite&gt;Copyright &amp;copy; 2014 Fairfax Media&lt;/cite&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div class=&quot;Kampyle&quot; data-kampyleFormId=&quot;43595&quot; data-kampyleSiteCode=&quot;9067101&quot;&gt; &lt;a id=&quot;kampylink&quot; class=&quot;k_static&quot; href=&quot;http://www.kampyle.com/feedback_form/ff-feedback-form.php?site_code=9067101&amp;lang=en&amp;form_id=43595&quot; target=&quot;kampyleWindow&quot;&gt; &lt;img src=&quot;http://resources.smh.com.au/smh/media-common-1.0/images/feedback-button.gif&quot; alt=&quot;Feedback Form&quot; style=&quot;border:0&quot;/&gt; &lt;/a&gt; &lt;/div&gt;&lt;!-- class:Kampyle --&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;!-- End fN-footerNetwork --&gt; &lt;div id=&quot;adspot-1x1-pos-1&quot; class=&quot;ad&quot; style='display:none;'&gt; &lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot;&gt; var titan = window.titan || {}; titan.requestAd = titan.requestAd || []; titan.requestAd.push(&quot;adspot-1x1-pos-1&quot;); &lt;/script&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div id=&quot;adspot-1x11-pos-1&quot; class=&quot;ad&quot; style='display:none;'&gt; &lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot;&gt; var titan = window.titan || {}; titan.requestAd = titan.requestAd || []; titan.requestAd.push(&quot;adspot-1x11-pos-1&quot;); &lt;/script&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt;&lt;!-- class:wrap cfix --&gt; &lt;/div&gt;&lt;!-- class:outerWrap --&gt; &lt;div id=&quot;network-strip&quot; class=&quot;network-strip-wrap&quot;&gt; &lt;div class=&quot;network-strip cf&quot;&gt; &lt;ul class=&quot;nav edition&quot; role=&quot;menu&quot;&gt; &lt;li role=&quot;menuitem&quot; id=&quot;whiteStrip-time&quot;&gt;&lt;em&gt;5:12AM&lt;/em&gt; Saturday Jul 26, 2014&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li role=&quot;menuitem&quot; id=&quot;whiteStrip-users&quot; class=&quot;online&quot;&gt;5,474 online now&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li role=&quot;menuitem&quot;&gt; &lt;span&gt;Do you know more about a story?&lt;/span&gt; &lt;div class=&quot;dropdown-panel&quot;&gt; &lt;button class=&quot;dropdown-panel-toggle generic-selector&quot; aria-owns=&quot;box-contact&quot; aria-haspopup=&quot;true&quot; title=&quot;contact us&quot;&gt;&lt;span class=&quot;icon ddown&quot;&gt;contact us&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/button&gt; &lt;div id=&quot;box-contact&quot; class=&quot;dropdown-content dropdown-content-contact generic-selector&quot;&gt; &lt;button class=&quot;close generic-selector&quot; title=&quot;close&quot;&gt;Close&lt;/button&gt; &lt;form method=&quot;GET&quot; action=&quot;mailto:scoop@smh.com.au&quot;&gt; &lt;label class=&quot;h4&quot;&gt;Provide detailed information, including contact details (if relevant)&lt;/label&gt; &lt;textarea name=&quot;body&quot;&gt;&lt;/textarea&gt; &lt;input type=&quot;hidden&quot; name=&quot;subject&quot; value=&quot;Tip&quot;&gt; &lt;input type=&quot;submit&quot; value=&quot;Post&quot; class=&quot;btn&quot;&gt; &lt;/form&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;ul class=&quot;nav external&quot; role=&quot;menu&quot;&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.domain.com.au/&quot; onclick=&quot;linktop(this);&quot;&gt;Real Estate&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.drive.com.au/&quot; onclick=&quot;linktop(this);&quot;&gt;Cars&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.adzuna.com.au&quot; onclick=&quot;linktop(this);&quot;&gt;Jobs&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.rsvp.com.au/&quot; onclick=&quot;linktop(this);&quot;&gt;Dating&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;https://membercentre.fairfax.com.au/NewsletterSubscription.aspx&quot; onclick=&quot;linktop(this);&quot;&gt;Newsletters&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li class=&quot;menuitem&quot;&gt; &lt;div class=&quot;dropdown-panel&quot;&gt; &lt;button class=&quot;dropdown-panel-toggle generic-selector&quot; aria-owns=&quot;box-network&quot; aria-haspopup=&quot;true&quot;&gt;Fairfax Media Network&lt;span class=&quot;icon ddown&quot;&gt;More&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/button&gt; &lt;div id=&quot;box-network&quot; class=&quot;dropdown-content dropdown-content-logos&quot;&gt; &lt;button class=&quot;close generic-selector&quot; title=&quot;close generic-selector&quot;&gt;Close&lt;/button&gt; &lt;div class=&quot;logos cf&quot;&gt; &lt;div class=&quot;col&quot;&gt; &lt;h4&gt;News &amp;amp; Weather&lt;/h&gt; &lt;ul role=&quot;navigation&quot;&gt; &lt;li class=&quot;smh&quot;&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.smh.com.au&quot; title=&quot;The Sydney Morning Herald&quot;&gt;smh.com.au&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li class=&quot;theage&quot;&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.theage.com.au&quot; title=&quot;The Age&quot;&gt;theage.com.au&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li class=&quot;brisbanetimes&quot;&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.brisbanetimes.com.au&quot; title=&quot;Brisbane Times&quot;&gt;brisbanetimes.com.au&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li class=&quot;canberratimes&quot;&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.canberratimes.com.au&quot; title=&quot;Canberra Times&quot;&gt;canberratimes.com.au&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li class=&quot;watoday&quot;&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.watoday.com.au&quot; title=&quot;WA Today&quot;&gt;watoday.com.au&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li class=&quot;weatherzone&quot;&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.weatherzone.com.au&quot; title=&quot;Weather Zone&quot;&gt;weatherzone.com.au&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;/div&gt;&lt;!-- class:col --&gt; &lt;div class=&quot;col&quot;&gt; &lt;h4&gt;Business &amp;amp; Finance&lt;/h&gt; &lt;ul role=&quot;navigation&quot;&gt; &lt;li class=&quot;businessday&quot;&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.businessday.com.au&quot; title=&quot;Business Day&quot;&gt;businessday.com.au&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li class=&quot;brw&quot;&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.brw.com.au&quot; title=&quot;BRW&quot;&gt;brw.com.au&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li class=&quot;afr&quot;&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.afr.com&quot; title=&quot;AFR&quot;&gt;afr.com&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li class=&quot;afrmagazine&quot;&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.afrmagazine.com.au&quot; title=&quot;AFR Magzine&quot;&gt;afrmagazine.com.au&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li class=&quot;smartinvestor&quot;&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.afrsmartinvestor.com.au&quot; title=&quot;SmartInvestor&quot;&gt;afrsmartinvestor.com.au&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;/div&gt;&lt;!-- class:col --&gt; &lt;div class=&quot;col&quot;&gt; &lt;h4&gt;Lifestyle&lt;/h&gt; &lt;ul role=&quot;navigation&quot;&gt; &lt;li class=&quot;lifestyle&quot;&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.smh.com.au/lifestyle&quot; title=&quot;LifeStyle&quot;&gt;life &amp;amp; style&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li class=&quot;dailylife&quot;&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.dailylife.com.au&quot; title=&quot;Daily Life&quot;&gt;dailylife.com.au&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li class=&quot;thevine&quot;&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.thevine.com.au&quot; title=&quot;The Vine&quot;&gt;thevine.com.au&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li class=&quot;essentialbaby&quot;&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.essentialbaby.com.au&quot; title=&quot;Essential Baby&quot;&gt;essentialbaby.com.au&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li class=&quot;essentialkids&quot;&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.essentialkids.com.au&quot; title=&quot;Essential Kids&quot;&gt;essentialkids.com.au&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li class=&quot;findababysitter&quot;&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.findababysitter.com.au&quot; title=&quot;Find a Baby Sitter&quot;&gt;findababysitter.com.au&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li class=&quot;goodfood&quot;&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.goodfood.com.au&quot; title=&quot;Good Food&quot;&gt;goodfood.com.au&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;/div&gt;&lt;!-- class:col --&gt; &lt;div class=&quot;col last&quot;&gt; &lt;h4&gt;Classifieds&lt;/h&gt; &lt;ul role=&quot;navigation&quot;&gt; &lt;li class=&quot;domain&quot;&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.domain.com.au&quot; title=&quot;Domain&quot;&gt;domain.com.au&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li class=&quot;drive&quot;&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.drive.com.au&quot; title=&quot;Drive&quot;&gt;drive.com.au&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li class=&quot;adzuna&quot;&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.adzuna.com.au&quot; title=&quot;Adzuna&quot;&gt;adzuna.com.au&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li class=&quot;rsvp&quot;&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.rsvp.com.au&quot; title=&quot;RSVP&quot;&gt;rsvp.com.au&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li class=&quot;stayz&quot;&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.stayz.com.au&quot; title=&quot;Stayz&quot;&gt;stayz.com.au&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;/div&gt;&lt;!-- class:col last --&gt; &lt;/div&gt;&lt;!-- class:logos cf --&gt; &lt;div class=&quot;additional-links&quot;&gt; &lt;ul class=&quot;nav&quot;&gt; &lt;ul class=&quot;nav&quot;&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://smh.com.au/mybenefits&quot; title=&quot;Member benefits&quot;&gt;Member benefits&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://adcentre.fairfaxdigital.com.au&quot; title=&quot;Advertise with us&quot;&gt;Advertise with us&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;https://membercentre.fairfax.com.au/NewsletterSubscription.aspx&quot; title=&quot;Newsletters&quot;&gt;Newsletters&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.fairfax.com.au/network-map.aspx&quot; title=&quot;Full list of sites&quot;&gt;Full list of sites&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://fairfaxmedia.com.au&quot; title=&quot;About Fairfax Media&quot;&gt;About Fairfax Media&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.fairfax.com.au/privacy&quot; title=&quot;Privacy&quot;&gt;Privacy&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://www.fairfax.com.au/conditions&quot; title=&quot;Terms &amp;amp; Conditions&quot;&gt;Terms &amp;amp; Conditions&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;/div&gt;&lt;!-- class:additional-links --&gt; &lt;/div&gt;&lt;!-- id:box-network class:dropdown-content dropdown-content-logos --&gt; &lt;/div&gt;&lt;!-- class:dropdown-panel --&gt; &lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt;&lt;!-- class:network-strip-wrap --&gt; &lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot;&gt; var recommendOptions = { display: &quot;off&quot;, pos: &quot;rhs&quot;, size: {content: 5, rhs: 4}, matchingMode: &quot;behavioral^50,contextual^25,trend^25&quot;, maxResults: 30 }; &lt;/script&gt; &lt;div id=&quot;subscription-overlay&quot; class=&quot;subscription-overlay&quot; data-hagrid-channel-key=&quot;Dks89-tJMqw6zsOGPU5c5Q&quot; data-hagrid-base-url=&quot;https://smh.myfairfax.com.au&quot; data-hagrid-api-url=&quot;https://api.myfairfax.com.au&quot; data-hagrid-proxy-url=&quot;/originstatic/hagridproxy-0.9.35.html&quot; data-hagrid-iframe-container-id=&quot;loginIframeContainer&quot; data-drm-host=&quot;http://access.fairfaxapi.com.au&quot; data-hagrid-member-profile-provider-name=&quot;customMemberProfileProvider&quot;&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot; src=&quot;http://resources.smh.com.au/common/media-common-1.0/js/fdjsf/output/7.42.1/fd.js/fd_min.js&quot;&gt;&lt;/script&gt; &lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot; src=&quot;http://resources.smh.com.au/common/media-common-1.0/js/fdjsf/output/7.42.1/fd.google.js/fd.google_min.js&quot;&gt;&lt;/script&gt; &lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot; src=&quot;http://resources.smh.com.au/common/media-common-1.0/js/fdjsf/output/7.42.1/fd.registrars.js/fd.registrars_min.js&quot;&gt;&lt;/script&gt; &lt;script&gt; var adParameters = { paywall: false }; if (FD.JSSDK) { FD.trigger(&quot;FDLoadJSSDK&quot;, [ &quot;&quot;, &quot;smh.com.au&quot;, &quot;http://www.smh.com.au&quot;, &quot;https://smh.myfairfax.com.au&quot;, &quot;https://api.myfairfax.com.au&quot;, &quot;Dks89-tJMqw6zsOGPU5c5Q&quot;, &quot;http://access.fairfaxapi.com.au&quot;, { id: '2170208', types: ['article'], sources: ['AFP'], categories: ['Motorsport'] } ]); } &lt;/script&gt; &lt;div data-brandName=&quot;smh&quot;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot; src=&quot;http://resources.smh.com.au/common/media-common-1.0/js/fdjsf/output/7.42.1/fd.videoplayer.js/fd.videoplayer_min.js&quot;&gt;&lt;/script&gt; &lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot; src=&quot;http://resources.smh.com.au/common/media-common-1.0/js/fdjsf/jwplayer6/jwplayer.js&quot; &gt;&lt;/script&gt; &lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot;&gt;jwplayer.key=&quot;3Kw6cxrtDRgcWRtdGLa2YBoPkAlVC9+iy+DgiQ==&quot;;&lt;/script&gt; &lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot; src=&quot;http://resources.smh.com.au/common/media-common-1.0/js/fdjsf/output/7.42.1/fd.registrars.mymasthead.js/fd.registrars.mymasthead_min.js&quot;&gt;&lt;/script&gt; &lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot; src=&quot;http://resources.smh.com.au/common/media-common-1.0/js/fdjsf/output/7.42.1/fd.registrars.contentpagewide.js/fd.registrars.contentpagewide_min.js&quot;&gt;&lt;/script&gt; &lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot;&gt; new FD.UserHistoryRecommendations({ &quot;assetId&quot;: &quot;2170208&quot; }); &lt;/script&gt; &lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot;&gt; (function() { var jsonFragmentData0 = {&quot;stopRecommend&quot;:true,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;2f8rk&quot;,&quot;listName&quot;:&quot;SMH Homepage Recommend Fragment 1&quot;,&quot;matchingModes&quot;:{},&quot;defaultAssets&quot;:[{&quot;pos&quot;:0,&quot;rank&quot;:0},{&quot;pos&quot;:0,&quot;rank&quot;:1},{&quot;pos&quot;:0,&quot;rank&quot;:2},{&quot;pos&quot;:0,&quot;rank&quot;:3},{&quot;pos&quot;:0,&quot;rank&quot;:4}],&quot;groups&quot;:[],&quot;allDomains&quot;:[],&quot;allTypes&quot;:[]}; if (!jsonFragmentData0.stopRecommend) { new FD.RecommendationsFragment({ &quot;baseUrl&quot;: &quot;http://www.smh.com.au&quot;, &quot;serviceUrl&quot;: &quot;http://fairfax.cxsearch.cxense.com/api/recommendation&quot;, &quot;fragmentData&quot;: jsonFragmentData0, &quot;cookiePrefix&quot;: &quot;ffx_home_rec_&quot;, &quot;maxGroups&quot;: 5, &quot;frequency&quot;: 5, &quot;debugMode&quot;: false }); } })(); &lt;/script&gt; &lt;script async src=&quot;//pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js&quot; type=&quot;text/javascript&quot;&gt;&lt;/script&gt; &lt;div data-google-ad-sense=&quot;true&quot; data-ad-channel=&quot;Sport&quot; data-adtest=&quot;off&quot; data-short-site-name=&quot;smh&quot; data-url=&quot;http://www.smh.com.au/sport/motorsport/kubica-in-surgery-after-horror-crash-20110206-1aijk.html&quot;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot;&gt; (function (FD) { new FD.GoogleAdSense({ googleAdSenseContainerElement: 'div[data-google-ad-sense=&quot;true&quot;]' }); })(FD); &lt;/script&gt; &lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot;&gt; FD.addVideoPlayer(new FD.VideoPlayer({ &quot;adServerUrl&quot;: &quot;http://pubads.g.doubleclick.net/gampad/ads?sz=4x1&amp;iu=/6411/vid.smh/sport&amp;ciu_szs=300x250&amp;impl=s&amp;gdfp_req=1&amp;env=vp&amp;output=xml_vast2&amp;unviewed_position_start=1&amp;cust_params=channel%3Dsport%26show%3Dsportshq%26ctype%3DRHS%26source%3DOmnisport&amp;correlator=522748&quot;, &quot;assetId&quot;: &quot;5622947&quot;, &quot;divId&quot;: &quot;video-player-latest&quot;, &quot;playerId&quot;: &quot;video-player-latest-player&quot;, &quot;playerType&quot;: &quot;Article_rhs&quot;, &quot;postPlay&quot;: &quot;&quot; }, { &quot;height&quot;: 170, &quot;playlist&quot;: [ { &quot;sources&quot;: [ { &quot;bitrate&quot;: &quot;757&quot;, &quot;file&quot;: &quot;http://mediadownload.f2.com.au/flash/media/2014/07/24/5622947/5622947_high.mp4&quot; }, { &quot;bitrate&quot;: &quot;522&quot;, &quot;file&quot;: &quot;http://mediadownload.f2.com.au/flash/media/2014/07/24/5622947/5622947_ihigh.mp4&quot; }, { &quot;bitrate&quot;: &quot;492&quot;, &quot;file&quot;: &quot;http://mediadownload.f2.com.au/flash/media/2014/07/24/5622947/5622947_low.mp4&quot; }, { &quot;bitrate&quot;: &quot;490&quot;, &quot;file&quot;: &quot;http://mediadownload.f2.com.au/flash/media/2014/07/24/5622947/5622947_mid.mp4&quot; }, { &quot;bitrate&quot;: &quot;351&quot;, &quot;file&quot;: &quot;http://mediadownload.f2.com.au/flash/media/2014/07/24/5622947/5622947_imid.mp4&quot; }, { &quot;bitrate&quot;: &quot;188&quot;, &quot;file&quot;: &quot;http://mediadownload.f2.com.au/flash/media/2014/07/24/5622947/5622947_ilow.mp4&quot; } ], &quot;image&quot;: &quot;http://images.smh.com.au/2014/07/24/5622948/farah169-190x107.jpg&quot;, &quot;title&quot;: &quot;Farah out of Commonwealth Games&quot; } ], &quot;primary&quot;: &quot;flash&quot;, &quot;advertising&quot;: { &quot;client&quot;: &quot;googima&quot;, &quot;tag&quot;: &quot;http://pubads.g.doubleclick.net/gampad/ads?sz=4x1&amp;iu=/6411/vid.smh/sport&amp;ciu_szs=300x250&amp;impl=s&amp;gdfp_req=1&amp;env=vp&amp;output=xml_vast2&amp;unviewed_position_start=1&amp;cust_params=channel%3Dsport%26show%3Dsportshq%26ctype%3DRHS%26source%3DOmnisport&amp;correlator=522748&quot; , &quot;companiondiv&quot;: { &quot;height&quot;: 250, &quot;id&quot;: &quot;video-player-companion-ad-mrec&quot;, &quot;width&quot;: 300 } }, &quot;timeslidertooltipplugin-2&quot;: {}, &quot;width&quot;: 300 }, { &quot;ga&quot;: { &quot;channel&quot;: &quot;Sport&quot;, &quot;duration&quot;: &quot;104&quot;, &quot;headline&quot;: &quot;Farah out of Commonwealth Games&quot;, &quot;interval&quot;: 10000, &quot;referrer&quot;: &quot;&quot;, &quot;playerType&quot;: &quot;Article_rhs&quot;, &quot;showName&quot;: &quot;Sports HQ&quot; } , &quot;nielsen&quot;: { &quot;brand&quot;: &quot;smh&quot;, &quot;cg&quot;: &quot;fairfax-sport&quot;, &quot;c6&quot;: &quot;c22&quot;, &quot;duration&quot;: &quot;104&quot;, &quot;interval&quot;: 10000, &quot;ou&quot;: &quot;video/sport/sports-hq&quot;, &quot;vc&quot;: &quot;vc-smh-Video_Sport-Article_rhs-Video_Sports_HQ-Unknown-Perform_Media-5622947-Farah_out_of_Commonwealth_Games-00:01:44&quot; }, &quot;collector&quot;: { &quot;system&quot;: &quot;DCDS&quot;, &quot;brand&quot;: &quot;smh&quot;, &quot;section&quot;: &quot;Video Sport&quot;, &quot;assetId&quot;: &quot;5622947&quot;, &quot;title&quot;: &quot;Farah out of Commonwealth Games&quot;, &quot;assetType&quot;: &quot;Video&quot;, &quot;assetUrl&quot;: &quot;http://media.smh.com.au/sport/sports-hq/farah-out-of-commonwealth-games-5622947.html&quot;, &quot;category&quot;: &quot;Video Sports HQ&quot;, &quot;showName&quot;: &quot;Video_Sports_HQ&quot;, &quot;duration&quot;: &quot;104040&quot;, &quot;videoSource&quot;: &quot;Omnisport&quot;, &quot;producer&quot;: &quot;Perform Media&quot;, &quot;playerType&quot;: &quot;Article_rhs&quot; }, &quot;sitecatalyst&quot;: { &quot;assetId&quot;: &quot;5622947&quot;, &quot;assetType&quot;: &quot;Video&quot;, &quot;assetUrl&quot;: &quot;http://media.smh.com.au/sport/sports-hq/farah-out-of-commonwealth-games-5622947.html&quot;, &quot;brand&quot;: &quot;smh&quot;, &quot;category&quot;: &quot;Video Sports HQ&quot;, &quot;channelName&quot;: &quot;Video_Sport&quot;, &quot;duration&quot;: &quot;104040&quot;, &quot;interval&quot;: 10000, &quot;producer&quot;: &quot;Perform Media&quot;, &quot;playerType&quot;: &quot;Article_rhs&quot;, &quot;section&quot;: &quot;Video Sport&quot;, &quot;showName&quot;: &quot;Video_Sports_HQ&quot;, &quot;system&quot;: &quot;DCDS&quot;, &quot;title&quot;: &quot;Farah out of Commonwealth Games&quot;, &quot;type&quot;:&quot;Video&quot;, &quot;videoSource&quot;: &quot;Omnisport&quot;, &quot;videoType&quot;: &quot;Standard&quot; } })); &lt;/script&gt; &lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot;&gt; if(document.location.protocol=='http:'){ var Tynt=Tynt||[];Tynt.push('aBfWCmwwCr37XTadbiUzgI'); (function(){var s=document.createElement('script');s.async=&quot;async&quot;;s.type=&quot;text/javascript&quot;;s.src='http://tcr.tynt.com/ti.js';var h=document.getElementsByTagName('script')[0];h.parentNode.insertBefore(s,h);})(); } &lt;/script&gt; &lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot;&gt; (function(FD) { // Check that the user is at least logged in before attempting to say that they have read an article. if (FD.isLoggedIn()) { FD.trigger(&quot;FDArticleRead&quot;); } })(FD); &lt;/script&gt; &lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot;&gt; if (document.googleMapConfiguration) { document.write(&quot;&lt;script src='http://maps.googleapis.com/maps/api/js?client=gme-fairfax&amp;sensor=false&amp;channel=smhcomau' type='text/javascript'&gt;&lt;\/script&gt;&quot;); } &lt;/script&gt; &lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot; src=&quot;http://resources.smh.com.au/common/media-common-1.0/js/fdjsf/output/7.42.1/fd.registrars.googlemap.js/fd.registrars.googlemap_min.js&quot;&gt;&lt;/script&gt; &lt;!-- START Google Analytics Tracking --&gt; &lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot;&gt; var _gaq = _gaq || []; _gaq.push(['_setAccount', 'UA-22700242-1']); _gaq.push(['_setDomainName', '.smh.com.au']); _gaq.push(['_addIgnoredRef', 'smh.com.au']); _gaq.push(['_setAllowAnchor', true]); _gaq.push(['_setCustomVar', 1, 'Section', 'Sport', 3]); _gaq.push(['_setCustomVar', 2, 'Sub-Section', 'Motorsport', 3]); _gaq.push(['_setCustomVar', 3, 'Byline', '', 3]); _gaq.push(['_setCustomVar', 4, 'Page Type', 'Article', 3]); _gaq.push(['_setAllowAnchor', true]); _gaq.push(['_setCampaignCookieTimeout', 1209600000]); // See User Type tracking for invocation &lt;/script&gt; &lt;!-- END Google Analytics Tracking --&gt; &lt;!-- START Nielsen Online SiteCensus V6.0 --&gt; &lt;!-- COPYRIGHT 2009 Nielsen Online --&gt; &lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot; src=&quot;//secure-au.imrworldwide.com/v60.js&quot;&gt;&lt;/script&gt; &lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot;&gt; var pvar = {cid:&quot;f2&quot;, content:&quot;SMH-sport-motorsport-story-online&quot;, server:&quot;secure-au&quot;}; var trac = nol_t(pvar); trac.record().post(); window.s_pageName = &quot;smh:article:sport:motorsport:kubica in surgery after horror crash&quot;; &lt;/script&gt; &lt;noscript&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;img src=&quot;//secure-au.imrworldwide.com/cgi-bin/m?ci=f2&amp;amp;cg=0&amp;amp;cc=1&amp;amp;ts=noscript&quot; width=&quot;1&quot; height=&quot;1&quot; alt=&quot;&quot;/&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/noscript&gt; &lt;!--end of if !suppressNielsen --&gt; &lt;!-- END Nielsen Online SiteCensus V6.0 --&gt; &lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot;&gt; (function(FD) { /** * Initiates the client side asset view tracking component (self executing). */ FD.pingServerWithSuccessCallback(&quot;2170208&quot;, &quot;Article&quot;, &quot;Sport&quot;, FD.updateWhiteStrip); })(FD); &lt;/script&gt; &lt;!-- FFX analytics stuff --&gt; &lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot;&gt; var _fmaq = _fmaq || []; _fmaq.push([&quot;_trackEvent&quot;, [ [&quot;event&quot;, &quot;view&quot;], [&quot;system&quot;, &quot;DCDS&quot;], [&quot;site&quot;, &quot;smh&quot;], [&quot;assetCategory&quot;, &quot;Sport&quot;], [&quot;asset&quot;, &quot;2170208&quot;], [&quot;title&quot;, &quot;Kubica in surgery after horror crash&quot;], [&quot;assetType&quot;, &quot;Article&quot;], [&quot;urlHash&quot;, window.location.hash] ]]); var _fma_options = {}; (function () { var fma_script = document.createElement('script'); fma_script.src = 'http://resources.fairfax.com.au/js/track/1.0/track.min.js'; fma_script.setAttribute('async', 'true'); var s = document.getElementsByTagName('script')[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(fma_script, s); })(); &lt;/script&gt; &lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot;&gt; var cX_ffx_customParameters = cX_ffx_customParameters || {}; cX_ffx_customParameters.ffx_contentid = 'dcds_2170208'; &lt;/script&gt; &lt;div id=&quot;cX-root&quot; style=&quot;display:none&quot;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot;&gt; var cX = cX || {}; cX.callQueue = cX.callQueue || []; cX.callQueue.push(['setAccountId', '9222289450909506992']); cX.callQueue.push(['setSiteId', '9222289450909506993']); if (cX_ffx_customParameters) { cX.callQueue.push(['setCustomParameters', cX_ffx_customParameters]); } cX.callQueue.push(['sendPageViewEvent']); &lt;/script&gt; &lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot;&gt; (function() { try { var scriptEl = document.createElement('script'); scriptEl.type = 'text/javascript'; scriptEl.async = 'async'; scriptEl.src = ('https:' == document.location.protocol) ? 'https://scdn.cxense.com/cx.js' : 'http://cdn.cxense.com/cx.js'; var targetEl = document.getElementsByTagName('script')[0]; targetEl.parentNode.insertBefore(scriptEl, targetEl); } catch (e) {};} ()); &lt;/script&gt; &lt;!-- Adobe Marketing Cloud Tag Management code Copyright 1996-2012 Adobe, Inc. All Rights Reserved More info available at http://www.adobe.com --&gt; &lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot;&gt; if(s){ s.pageName = &quot;smh:Sport:Motorsport::Kubica in surgery after horror crash:2170208&quot; s.prop1 = &quot;smh&quot; s.prop2 = &quot;Sport&quot; s.prop6 = &quot;&quot; s.prop7 = &quot;Article&quot; s.prop8 = &quot;2170208 + Kubica in surgery after horror crash&quot; s.prop31 = &quot;&quot; s.prop32 = &quot;2011-02-07&quot; if (window[&quot;FD&quot;]) { if (typeof FD.s_prop24 !== &quot;undefined&quot;) { s.prop24 = FD.s_prop24 } } // See User Type tracking for invocation // OLG tracking if(typeof olgTracking !== &quot;undefined&quot;) { if(s.events) { s.events += &quot;,event21&quot;; } else { s.events = &quot;event21&quot;; } s.eVar22 = s.prop1 + &quot;-&quot; + s.prop2 + &quot;-&quot; + olgTracking.provider + &quot;-&quot; + olgTracking.productType + &quot;-&quot; + olgTracking.location; } } &lt;/script&gt; &lt;!-- End Adobe Marketing Cloud Tag Management code --&gt; &lt;!-- Start User Type tracking --&gt; &lt;script&gt; (function() { if (typeof FFXHagrid === &quot;undefined&quot;){ invokeTracking(null,null); }else { var userType = &quot;unknown&quot;; var uniqueId = &quot;unknown&quot;; if (FFXHagrid.isLoggedIn()) { try { FFXHagrid.getUserPlansProvider().getUserPlans(false, function(plans) { if (typeof plans !== &quot;undefined&quot; &amp;&amp; plans.length &gt; 0) { userType = &quot;subscriber &quot; + plans.join(&quot;,&quot;).toLowerCase(); } else { userType = &quot;member&quot;; } }); } catch (e) { userType =&quot;member&quot;; } try { uniqueId = FFXHagrid.getUserProfile().unique_id; } catch (e) { } } else { userType = &quot;visitor&quot;; } invokeTracking(userType,uniqueId); saveUserType(userType); } function invokeTracking(userType, uniqueId) { // GA if(userType != null){ _gaq.push(['_setCustomVar', 5, 'Login Status', userType, 2]); } _gaq.push(['_trackPageview']); (function() { var ga = document.createElement('script'); ga.type = 'text/javascript'; ga.async = true; ga.src = ('https:' == document.location.protocol ? 'https://ssl' : 'http://www') + '.google-analytics.com/ga.js'; var s = document.getElementsByTagName('script')[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(ga, s); })(); // Site Catalyst if(s){ if(userType != null){ s.eVar57 = userType; } if(uniqueId != null) { s.prop51 = uniqueId; } s.t(); } } function saveUserType(userType) { FD.setCookie(&quot;csub&quot;, userType, null, &quot;/&quot;, document.domain); } })(); &lt;/script&gt; &lt;!-- Google Code for Remarketing tag --&gt; &lt;!-- Remarketing tags may not be associated with personally identifiable information or placed on pages related to sensitive categories. For instructions on adding this tag and more information on the above requirements, read the setup guide: google.com/ads/remarketingsetup --&gt; &lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot;&gt; /* &lt;![CDATA[ */ var google_conversion_id = '1024966411'; var google_conversion_label = '8BTjCLXqgAQQi_7e6AM'; var google_custom_params = window.google_tag_params; var google_remarketing_only = true; /* ]]&gt; */ &lt;/script&gt; &lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot; src=&quot;http://www.googleadservices.com/pagead/conversion.js&quot;&gt; &lt;/script&gt; &lt;noscript&gt; &lt;div style=&quot;display:inline;&quot;&gt; &lt;img height=&quot;1&quot; width=&quot;1&quot; style=&quot;border-style:none;&quot; alt=&quot;&quot; src=&quot;http://googleads.g.doubleclick.net/pagead/viewthroughconversion/1024966411/?value=0&amp;label=8BTjCLXqgAQQi_7e6AM&amp;guid=ON&amp;script=0&quot;/&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/noscript&gt; &lt;!-- End Google Code for Remarketing tag --&gt; &lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot;&gt; if (window[&quot;FD&quot;]) { FD.trigger(&quot;FDTrackReady&quot;); } &lt;/script&gt; &lt;!-- Start Apple Auto Affiliate Link Maker script --&gt; &lt;script type='text/javascript'&gt;var _merchantSettings=_merchantSettings || [];_merchantSettings.push(['AT', '11l8Ma']);(function(){var autolink=document.createElement('script');autolink.type='text/javascript';autolink.async=true; autolink.src='https://autolinkmaker.itunes.apple.com/js/itunes_autolinkmaker.js';var s=document.getElementsByTagName('script')[0];s.parentNode.insertBefore(autolink, s);})();&lt;/script&gt; &lt;!-- End Apple Auto Affiliate Link Maker script --&gt; &lt;!-- Start Skimlinks Auto Affiliate Link Maker script --&gt; &lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot; src=&quot;http://s.skimresources.com/js/57568X1347342.skimlinks.js&quot;&gt;&lt;/script&gt; &lt;!-- End Skimlinks Auto Affiliate Link Maker script --&gt; &lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot; src=&quot;http://widgets.outbrain.com/outbrain.js&quot;&gt;&lt;/script&gt; &lt;script&gt; function createSocialElement(d, s, id, src) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = src; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs); } &lt;/script&gt; &lt;div id=&quot;fb-root&quot;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;!-- id:fb-root --&gt; &lt;script&gt; createSocialElement(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk', &quot;//connect.facebook.net/en_GB/all.js#xfbml=1&quot;); &lt;/script&gt; &lt;script src=&quot;https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js&quot; gapi_processed=&quot;true&quot;&gt;&lt;/script&gt; &lt;script src=&quot;http://platform.linkedin.com/in.js&quot; type=&quot;text/javascript&quot;&gt; api_key: 9av1epdechow authorize: true &lt;/script&gt; &lt;script&gt; createSocialElement(document, &quot;script&quot;, &quot;twitter-wjs&quot;, &quot;//platform.twitter.com/widgets.js&quot;); &lt;/script&gt; &lt;div data-boomerangSegment=&quot;132489&quot;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;script&gt; /* Social bar prototype */ $('ul.social').on('click', '.expand-toggle a',function() { socialWrap = $(this).parents('ul.social'); defaultTitle = 'More sharing options'; expandedTitle = 'Less sharing options'; socialWrap.toggleClass('expanded'); if (socialWrap.hasClass('expanded')) { $(this).attr('title', expandedTitle); socialWrap.find('.social-right').fadeToggle('fast', function() { socialWrap.find('.expand-show').fadeToggle(); }); } else { socialWrap.find('.social-right').fadeToggle('fast'); socialWrap.find('.expand-show').toggle(); $(this).attr('title', defaultTitle); } }); /* END Social bar prototype */ &lt;/script&gt; &lt;!-- social media scripts --&gt; &lt;script src=&quot;//assets.pinterest.com/js/pinit.js&quot;&gt;&lt;/script&gt; &lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot; src=&quot;http://secure-au.imrworldwide.com/cgi-bin/j?ci=rj0091-bt-general&amp;amp;se=1&amp;amp;te=0&quot;&gt; &lt;/script&gt; &lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot; src=&quot;http://resources.smh.com.au/common/media-common-1.0/js/fdjsf/output/7.42.1/fd.registrars.images.httppipelining.js/fd.registrars.images.httppipelining_min.js&quot;&gt;&lt;/script&gt; &lt;div id=&quot;adspot-interstitial&quot;&gt; &lt;script&gt; var titan = window.titan || {}; titan.requestAd = titan.requestAd || []; titan.requestAd.push(&quot;adspot-interstitial&quot;); &lt;/script&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot;&gt; window.setTimeout('new FD.TitanService()', 3000); _satellite.pageBottom(); &lt;/script&gt; &lt;/body&gt; &lt;/html&gt;
http://www.theguardian.com/sport/2011/feb/06/robert-kubica-rally-accident
Turn autoplay off Turn autoplay on Please activate cookies in order to turn autoplay off Jump to content [s] Jump to site navigation [0] Jump to search [4] Terms and conditions [8] Edition: UK US AU Your activity Email subscriptions Account details Linked services Sign out Profile Beta News US World Sports Comment Culture Business Money Environment Science Travel Tech Media Life & style Data Sport Lotus F1 Surgeons fight to save the hand of Formula One star Robert Kubica Renault driver seriously damages arm in horrific collision Share Tweet this Email Oliver Owen The Guardian, Sunday 6 February 2011 16.22 EST The wrecked car of Robert Kubica after his rallying accident in Andora, Italy. Photograph: Roberto Ruscello/AP The career of one of the most promising young Formula One drivers was hanging in the balance tonight after an accident in a low-key rally in Italy left him badly injured and having surgery to try to save the use of his right hand. Robert Kubica, 26, who drives for the Renault team, was competing in a Skoda Fabia on the Ronde di Andora when he suffered a high-speed crash into a church wall and then a barrier shortly after the start. It took rescue crews more than an hour to extract Kubica from the wreckage. Unconfirmed reports from the scene suggest that part of the barrier speared through the car's footwell into the cockpit. The Pole, who is a national hero in his homeland, suffered multiple fractures to his right leg, arm and hand. He was airlifted from the crash site in the village of Testico to the Santa Corona hospital in Pietra Ligure on the Mediterranean coast where he underwent lengthy surgery. The main area of concern is the driver's right hand, which, although safe from amputation, is severely damaged and it is too early for doctors to give a prognosis on a full recovery. It is the same arm that was badly injured in a road accident in 2003 and left him with titanium bolts to support the shattered bones. Kubica's manager, Daniele Morelli, said last night: "The surgeons are trying to restore the functionality of the right hand. They must now think about the muscle function, but Robert has a very strong temper and will succeed." The Italian newspaper Gazzetta dello Sport reported that more surgery will be required after today's preliminary operation. Kubica, who was due to start his fifth full season in Formula One in Bahrain next month, set the fastest time in testing last week and grand prix insiders regard him as one of the sport's supreme talents and a future world champion who could have earned anything up to $100m from his career as a driver. He made his debut for the BMW Sauber team in 2006 after eye-catching victories in the junior formulas, the traditional testing ground for emerging talent. He hit the headlines in 2007 when he emerged almost unscathed from a terrifying high-speed crash in Montreal that was a testament to the strength of the modern Formula One car. A year later, and at the same track, he won his first, and so far only, grand prix. When BMW withdrew from Formula One at the end of 2009, unable to justify the cost after a dreadful season, Kubica signed for the Renault team and achieved some strong results, including second in Australia and third at Monaco, considered the greatest test of a driver's skill. The feeling was that this would be the year Kubica would take on the sport's elite on the track and would soon be able to match them in the earnings stakes. In the ultra-secret world of Formula One finance hard figures are difficult to come by but Renault are believed to paying Kubica $10m a year until 2012, with Fernando Alonso earning four times that much at Ferrari. Modern Formula One drivers' contracts usually forbid them from taking part in "high-risk" activities for fear of injury but the drivers are famed for seeking adrenaline rushes away from the track and Kubica is far from the first driver to put his career – and life – in jeopardy pursuing high-risk hobbies. A spokesperson for the Renault team, which is based in Enstone in Oxfordshire, would not comment on whether Kubica had sought permission to compete in the rally although he has taken part in club rallies for several years. It is thought the car he crashed today, a powerful model that competes in international events, was one he purchased two years ago. In the first three decades of the Formula One world championship, which began in 1950, drivers regularly competed in various brands of motor sport when they were not competing in grands prix. Top drivers such as Stirling Moss, Jim Clark and Jackie Stewart travelled the world to race in anything that might take them to a win. Since the 1970s Formula One drivers are very much that, only occasionally skiing or mountain-biking in the off-season to keep fit and satisfy their need for speed and even that has proved hazardous. Two years ago the Australian driver Mark Webber broke a leg when he was hit by a 4x4 while taking part in a bike race. Tonight fellow drivers offered their support to the popular Kubica. Britain's former world champion Jenson Button, who drives for McLaren said on his Twitter page: "Shocking news about Robert Kubica. I wish him a speedy recovery." Williams driver Rubens Barrichello tweeted: "I would like to ask you for your best wishes to Kubica. He is being operated right now. We all like him and he deserves all the best." Sebastian Buemi of Toro Rosso said: "All my support to Robert Kubica. I am with you man."They will also be very aware that just as Robert Kubica was about to join the elite of formula one, his career may well have been snatched away from him by his desire to take part in one of the most basic forms of the sport. The need for speed: previous accidents involving F1 drivers Mark Webber Breaks a leg when hit by a car mountain-biking in Tasmania before the 2009 season. Drives with steel rods in his leg. In 2010 goes over the handlebars on a training ride and fractures shoulder one week before the Japanese grand prix Juan Pablo Montoya Missed two races for McLaren in 2005 after injuring a shoulder "playing tennis". Stories that the damage was done when he fell off a motorbike engulf the paddock and McLaren are not amused Michael Schumacher Potential comeback with Ferrari in 2009 is aborted when neck injury caused by a motorcycle accident can't take the strain Patrick Depailler Misses the last eight races of the 1979 season – and a shot at the world title – after breaking his legs in a hang-gliding crash. The Ligier team dispense with his services. He joins Alfa Romeo but is killed in a crash at Hockenheim in 1980 during a private testing session Didier Pironi Survives career-ending crash in practice for the 1982 German grand prix. Takes up power boat racing and is killed in 1987 off the Isle of Wight Sign up for the Guardian Today Our editors' picks for the day's top news and commentary delivered to your inbox each morning. Sign up for the daily email Print this Share Contact us Send to a friend Sender's name Recipient's email address Your IP address will be logged Share Short link for this page: http://gu.com/p/2nva6 StumbleUpon reddit Tumblr Digg LinkedIn del.icio.us Facebook Twitter Contact us Contact the Sport editor sport@theguardian.com Report errors or inaccuracies: reader@theguardian.com Letters for publication should be sent to: guardian.letters@theguardian.com If you need help using the site: userhelp@theguardian.com Call the main Guardian and Observer switchboard: +44 (0)20 3353 2000 Advertising guide License/buy our content Article history About this article Renault driver Robert Kubica seriously damages arm in collision This article was published on the Guardian website at 16.22 EST on Sunday 6 February 2011. A version appeared on p3 of the Main section section of the Guardian on Sunday 6 February 2011. It was last modified at 11.50 EDT on Tuesday 3 June 2014. Sport Lotus F1 · Formula One · Motor sport · Robert Kubica · Formula One 2011 World news Italy More news Share Tweet this Email On the Guardian today Music Nicki Minaj's Anaconda cover artwork: too racy for its own good? World news Calls for NYPD chokehold investigation grow after funeral for Eric Garner Science 'Extreme solar storm' could have pulled the plug on Earth World news Isis orders all girls and women in Mosul to undergo FGM, UN report says Life and style Kids, guns and the American way World news Gaza violence spreads to West Bank with six Palestinians reportedly killed On Sport Most viewed Latest Last 24 hours 1.  Commonwealth Games: day two - live! 2. Ramunas Navardauskas wins with late escape on Stage 19 of Tour de France 3. The Joy of Six: Roger Federer to Phil Tufnell - ponytailed sportsmen 4. Queen photobombs Hockeyroo Jayde Taylor’s Commonwealth Games selfie 5. Malaysian cyclist reprimanded over gloves with ‘Save Gaza’ on them More most viewed Last 24 hours 1.  Commonwealth Games: day two - live! 2. La Course can lead on to a women’s world tour, says Marianne Vos 3. Commonwealth Games 2014: SECC provides beating heart of Glasgow 4. Christian Horner refuses to talk politics amid Russian GP scrutiny 5. John Gosden defends racing reputation after morphine case coverage All today's stories tag setTimeout("cleanUpExtraWeirdLinkCreatedBySomeOtherScriptThatOnlyExistsOnOnePageThatICantFineAwesomesauce()", 1000); setTimeout("cleanUpExtraWeirdLinkCreatedBySomeOtherScriptThatOnlyExistsOnOnePageThatICantFineAwesomesauce()", 2500); Today's best video The Guardian Film Show Critics Xan Brooks, Peter Bradshaw and Henry Barnes review this week's big releases, including Hercules, The Galapagos Affair and Joe A day in the life of a 'Boris' bike London cyclists offer their views on hire bikes and cycling in the capital From Scotland With Love Alexis Petridis recommends King Creosote's soundtrack to a heartfelt film about Scotland Malorie Blackman: my quest for diversity in children's books Children's laureate interviewed by a teenager Sponsored feature Today in pictures BBC Sports Personality of the Year – in pictures Bradley Wiggins capped his remarkable sporting year by taking home the big prize at the ceremony in London Dinner, dusk and dancing Russians: my best winter shot A glass of wine with a rough sleeper, Santa in trunks, a thousand partying Muscovites … in a My Best Shot special, top photographers pick the image that sums up winter for them Monkey adopts kitten – in pictures Kimon, an eight-year-old pet female long-tailed monkey, treats a kitten as her baby in Bintan Island, Indonesia Hot topics License/buy our content | Privacy policy | Terms of service | US advertising | A - Z index | About us © 2014 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved. Share Tweet this The link you clicked on is trying to take you to a scam site. Please close your browser and delete the email containing the link. ; '); } // <" + "/script>"; script += "\n "; script += "\nvar pvar = { cid: 'uk-305078h', content: '0', server: 'secure-uk' };"; script += "\nvar feat = { landing_page: 0 };"; script += "\nvar trac = nol_t(pvar, feat);"; script += "\ntrac.record().post();"; script += "\n<" + "/script>"; jQ("#n-analytics-placeholder").writeCapture().replaceWith(script); } ); }
http://www.autoblog.com/2011/02/06/breaking-robert-kubica-medevacd-from-crash-at-ronde-di-andora/
Skip to main content AOL Autos New Cars Translogic AutoblogGreen Autoblog International Autoblog Canada Autoblog Español Autoblog Auf Deutsch Autoblog En Français Autoblog Japan Tip Us Send Feedback RSS Feeds About Autoblog Automobiles^ Choose an Automaker Acura Alfa Romeo Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Bugatti Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Ferrari Fiat Fisker Ford GMC Honda Hyundai Infiniti Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus McLaren Maserati Mazda Mercedes-Benz MINI MISC Mitsubishi Nissan Porsche Ram Rolls-Royce Scion Smart SRT Subaru Tesla Toyota Volkswagen Volvo Reviews Full Reviews First Drives Quick Spins Comparisons First Ride Track Test Long-Term Garage Technology Technology of the Year Award Translogic Shop For a vehicle {if } {if } {else} Select Make {/if} {else} Select Make {/if} {if } {if } {else} Select Model {/if} {else} Select Model {/if} Search Enthusiast^ Enthusiast Topics Aftermarket Auctions By the Numbers Car Buying Celebrities Classics Concept Cars Design/Style Earnings/Financials Etc. Government/Legal Hirings/Firings/Layoffs Humor Infotainment Marketing/Advertising Motorsports Rumormill Safety Recalls Spy Photos Technology The List Toys/Games UAW/Unions See Coverage From All Enthusiast Topics Latest From - The List The List Shorts #0255: Change a Tire Latest Spy Photos 2015 Acura NSX burns to the ground at the 'Ring [w/video] Auto Shows^ National Show Coverage CES (Jan 7-10, 2014) Chicago (Feb 6-7, 2014) Detroit (Jan 13-14, 2014) Los Angeles (Nov 20-21, 2013) New York (Apr 16-17, 2014) SEMA (Nov 5-8, 2013) International Show Coverage Beijing (Apr 20, 2014) Frankfurt (TBD, 2014) Geneva (Mar 4-5, 2014) MISC Paris (TBD, 2014) Shanghai (TBD, 2015) Tokyo (Nov 20-21, 2013) Tokyo Auto Salon (TBD, 2014) See All Auto Show Coverage Also On Autoblog You Might Like: Skoda previews sleek new Fabia hatch 2016 Mazda2 revealed ahead of Paris debut [w/videos] [UPDATE] Opel launches new Corsa hatchback [w/videos] Green^ Green News Biodiesel Diesel Emerging Technologies Etc. Ethanol EV/Plug-in Green Culture Hybrid Hydrogen Legislation and Policy Natural Gas On Two Wheels Racing Transportation Alternatives Visit AutoblogGreen Main Page Vehicles Chevrolet Volt Fiat 500e Fisker Karma Ford C-Max Ford Focus Electric Mitsubishi i Nissan Leaf Smart fortwo Tesla Model S Tesla Roadster Toyota Prius TRENDING The List Elvis' 507 Restoration Ford Falcon XR8 Subaru Class-Action Suit Darth Vader Car FOLLOW US Podcasts Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ RSS You are here:  Robert Kubica medevac'd from crash at Ronde di Andora Rally [Updated] Robert Kubica medevac'd from crash at Ronde di Andora Rally [Updated] By  Noah Joseph RSS feed Google+ Posted Feb 6th 2011 7:20AM Email This Comments Add Formula One teams take a huge risk when they let one of their star drivers contest other forms of motorsport during the offseason. Never mind questions of focus: crashes happen all the time in every motorsport discipline, and one false step can have disastrous consequences for both driver and team. Renault, however, has long permitted Robert Kubica to have his run at rallying on the side. Not unlike Kimi Raikkonen, Kubica has been proving himself a competent rally driver, but his skills didn't prevent him from suffering a high-speed crash today at the Ronde di Andora rally. This was the first time Kubica – fresh from topping the time sheets in the third F1 test session at Valencia – was driving a top-spec Super 2000 rally car, in this case a Skoda Fabia, which he crashed during the opening stage. The Polish driver was airlifted to a local hospital, and though sources confirm that he remained conscious throughout, reports of multiple broken bones are circulating. This close to the opening of the 2011 F1 campaign, observers can't help but wonder what will happen if Kubica isn't well enough to start the season. Fortunately for the team, they've lined up a full roster of reserve drivers, including Bruno Senna, who is tipped as the top among them. Of course we wish Kubica – who bounced back well from his spectacular crash at the 2007 Canadian Grand Prix – a full and (characteristically) speedy recovery, and hope to see him back at the wheel in full health in short order. Follow the jump for the brief statement from Renault, and watch this space for more. UPDATE: Lotus Renault GP reports that Kubica is undergoing surgery for multiple fractures to his right hand, arm and leg. Updated statement posted after the jump. [Sources: Renault, Autosport] Show full PR text 06.02.11 STATEMENT ON ROBERT KUBICA Lotus Renault GP driver, Robert Kubica, suffered an accident at high speed this morning while competing in the Ronde di Andora Rally. The driver was airlifted to Pietra Ligure Hospital, where he is currently undergoing medical checks. His co-driver is fine. Lotus Renault GP will issue another statement as soon as more information is known about Robert's condition. UPDATE ON ROBERT KUBICA'S CONDITION After undergoing extensive medical checks this morning, Robert Kubica has been diagnosed with multiple fractures to his right arm, leg and hand. He is currently undergoing surgery at the Santa Corona Hospital in Pietra Ligure. Robert suffered a high-speed accident this morning while competing in the Ronde di Andora Rally. Daniel Morelli, Robert's manager, will be available for the press in front of the hospital emergency entrance at 16h30 CET. Category: Motorsports, Lotus, Renault, Skoda Tags: breaking, crash, kubica, lotus renault gp, rally, renault, robert kubica, Ronde di Andora, Ronde di Andora rally, skoda Lotus 2014 Lotus Lotus Coupes Lotus Evora Used Lotus for Sale Powered by AOL Autos I'm reporting this comment as: Rude or offensive Not constructive / off-topic Sexual content Spam or misleading Other Reported comments and users are reviewed by Autoblog staff 24 hours a day, seven days a week to determine whether they violate Community Guideline. Accounts are penalized for Community Guidelines violations and serious or repeated violations can lead to account termination. Submit Post Reply 1 Second Ago Read All Delete Report Reply 31 Comments Best Best New Anonymous 3 Years Ago I hope he makes a speedy recovery and can rejoin F1 soon. He's always been a driver to reckon with and he showed early promise with the Renault last week in Valencia but I fear he may not be able to contest the upcoming season. Get well soon Robert! Read All Report Reply Anonymous 3 Years Ago I hope that he recovers as quickly as possible... That could be me if I drive recklessly on public roads. I'll make sure I am being careful. Read All Report Reply Anonymous 3 Years Ago I wish him a speedy recovery... Read All Report Reply Anonymous 3 Years Ago This is truly awful. One of my favorite guys on the grid. Here's hoping for a speedy recovery, Robert. Read All Report Reply Anonymous 3 Years Ago I remember that '07 crash quite clearly. It sucks that he's gone through 'the big one' again. I hope that he makes a speedy recovery and that we see him back for the '11 F1 season. Read All Report Reply Anonymous 3 Years Ago i hope he is okay , and about the kimi raikkonen statement ? what's up with that ? Read All Report Reply Anonymous 3 Years Ago Funny how a little comment can skew an article! I came into the comment section to rant about it to you. Glad I'm not the first. Why bring Kimi into the picture, why the double negative "Not unlike" --save characters and strive for clarity "Like". These two references, which are side-by-side, distract the reader from your article's main subject. Also, while I'm on on the topic of your write style, can you please stop crossing out words as a means to be funny, witty, or sarcastic! You've become THE reference. Why not act like it! Read All Report Reply Anonymous 3 Years Ago Kimi did F1 and WRC at the same time. Which is why Renault had no problem with Kubica doing the same thing. Thats all it says its not some great hit generator Read All Report Reply Anonymous 3 Years Ago The writers at autoblog, i've noticed for sometime, are permanently seeking for text anchors, which are good SEO, but in this quest they are sometimes driving the story to irrelevant topics. To answer your question: the statement was not meant for you, but for google. Getting back on the story, rumors are that Robert has a broken leg and, more seriously, a multiple fracture on a hand - amputation might be required :(. Hopefully, this won't happen. Get well soon! Read All Report Reply Anonymous 3 Years Ago The latest new is that he won't get his hand amputated, but It looks like a very long down time for him, if he is ever able to come back to F1. I sure hope he does, for his talent, being the really good person he is (rare in F1) and because he deserves a go at the title with a competitve car. Just when the Renault showed great promise. His Karma owes him. Big. Read All Report Reply Anonymous 3 Years Ago Let's hope he has the same kind of recovery that Massa had. Best of luck Robert! Read All Report Reply Anonymous 3 Years Ago http://translate.google.com/translate?js=n⪯v=_t&hl=en&ie=UTF-8&layout=2&eotf=1&sl=it&tl=en&u=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ivg.it%2F2011%2F02%2Fincidente-di-robert-kubica-operazione-delicata-terminera-in-serata%2F Read All Report Reply Anonymous 3 Years Ago All the best, Kubica! Read All Report Reply Anonymous 3 Years Ago Duzo zdrowia powodzenia! Good luck and good health Robert. Read All Report Reply Anonymous 3 Years Ago Robert the whole of Poland is with you in these difficult times. Read All Report Reply Anonymous 3 Years Ago photo: http://www.motofilm.pl/2011/02/06/powazny-wypadek-roberta-kubicy-we-wloszech-na-rajdzie-ronde-di-andora-robert-kubica-trafil-do-szpitala-zdjecia/ Read All Report Reply Load More Comments Advertisement Newsletter Sign up for Autoblog's newsletter and get today's news delivered straight to your inbox. Research A New Car Select Make (e.g. Honda) Select Model (e.g. Accord) Go Popular News Stories 2015 Dodge Challenger SRT Hellcat [w/videos] Subaru WRX STI vs. Audi S3 in compact AWD dustup The List #0147: Escape a Car Underwater 2015 Ford F-150 specs revealed, EcoBoost 2.7L to make 325 hp and 375 lb-ft [w/video] Ford unveils its facelifted Falcon finale with new XR8 2015 Acura NSX burns to the ground at the 'Ring [w/video] NY vandal uses graffiti to call out bad parking MotorWeek proves '90s were awesome with Supra, Stealth, RX-7, Corvette, 968, 300ZX comparo 40+ cars that barely avoid the gas guzzler tax The cars that won't live to see 2015 [w/video] [UPDATE] The List: The Red BMW - A Retrospective An open letter to every teen getting a driver's license Production Acura NSX spied getting sharper on the 'Ring The List #0555: Drive a Monster Truck Next-gen LaCrosse, Cascada convertible coming to Buick showrooms in 2016 2014 Audi SQ5 The List #0393: Break a Land Speed Record Noted Porsche collector Magnus Walker learns what a TED Talk is firsthand BMW begins restoring Elvis Presley's 507 [w/video] Stolen Plymouth Barracuda found after 13 years, alleged thief to keep it? [w/video] Find A Used Car All Makes All Models From Our Partners Featured Photo Galleries Facebook Activity More Automotive News AutoblogGreen Recharge Wrap-up: EV torque secrets, UC Davis maps future of biofuels A window into China's low-speed electric vehicle revolution Smart updating EV, cabrio models for the Fortwo Engadget SpaceX CEO Elon Musk wants to go to Mars Lyft gets the green light to operate in New York City US to write privacy rulebook for commercial and civilian drones AOL Autos FBI Seizes Computers, Listening Devices From Ford Headquarters Cellphone Bans Don't Reduce Accidents, Research Finds Cars Spray-Painted With Rude Messages In New York Translogic Translogic 154: Elio Motors Translogic 153: 2015 BMW i8 Autoblog AOL Autos New Car Research Rebates and Incentives Used Car Search Compare Vehicles Auto Dealers Owner Reviews My Wheels Car Repair Formula One teams take a huge risk when they let one of their star drivers contest other forms of motorsport during the offseason. Never mind questions Sitemap Mobile Site Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Our Ads Trademarks Help AOL A-Z © 2014 AOL Inc. All rights reserved Shop for a vehicle Select Make Select Model GO Shop for a vehicle
