http://sports.espn.go.com/dallas/nfl/news/story?id=6096112
EDITIONS: USA ESPAÑOL More Australia Brazil United Kingdom CITIES: BOSTON CHICAGO DALLAS LOS ANGELES NEW YORK ESPN Shop Some Super Bowl seats not completed Updated: February 7, 2011, 2:29 PM ET By Tim MacMahon | ESPNDallas.com Recommend Tweet Comments Email Print Recommend Tweet Comments Email Print Subscribe ARLINGTON, Texas -- After a limited number of sections in temporary seating areas at Cowboys Stadium were not completed in time, 400 fans were left without seats at Super Bowl XLV on Sunday. Two hours before the game, workers were frantically trying to fix the sections or get the fans "relocated to similar or better seats," valued at $800. The NFL found alternate seating for 850 of the 1,250 fans affected. The 400 who were not able to be seated were given a refund of triple face value -- $2,400. Archer: Stadium Fails To Salvage Week The game was great but seating woes capped a bad Super Bowl week for North Texas, ESPNDallas.com's Todd Archer writes. Story "Incomplete installation of temporary seats in a limited number of sections made the seats unusable," the NFL said in a statement. "The safety of fans attending the Super Bowl was paramount in making the decision and the NFL, Dallas Cowboys and City of Arlington officials are in agreement with the resolution. We regret the situation and inconvenience that it may have caused. We will conduct a full review of this matter." The NFL tried to placate those 400 fans, taking them inside the stadium to watch the game on monitors in the North Field Club behind the Pittsburgh bench. They also had the option of viewing the game from standing-room platforms in each corner of the stadium. Those fans will still get the triple refund. The fans "watched game in club w/free food, soft drinks + merchandise," NFL spokesman Greg Aiello tweeted. "The other 850 were re-located to seats in equal or better locations. NFL + Cowboys staff and families gave up seats." After saying all week that he expected Sunday's game to set an all-time Super Bowl attendance record with 105,000 fans seated inside the stadium, Dallas Cowboys owner/general manager Jerry Jones come up short as the announced attendance of 103,219 was just shy of the 103,985 mark set in Super Bowl XIV between the Los Angeles Rams and Pittsburgh Steelers at the Rose Bowl. Based on the 850 seats that were forfeited by the NFL and Cowboys to make room for those who were relocated, NFL spokesman Brian McCarthy confirmed that the seating debacle was the reason the attendance record was not set. "Yes," McCarthy said when asked if those seats would've been otherwise occupied had the displaced fans not been moved there. "But we've been focused on the safety and experience of our fans." Instead, Jones will have to settle for the fourth-largest Super Bowl crowd. At about 4 p.m. in a concourse, a Steelers fan in a Troy Polamalu jersey was yelling obscenities into his cell phone at a stadium employee. He couldn't be seated because his seats were in an area near the seats that didn't meet code. "We spent $3,000 on tickets," his friend said. "After parking and $10 beers, it's $3,000. I just want to sit." Said Jennifer Dunfee, a friend in their party who flew in from Colorado for the game: "We've spent over an hour trying to figure out how to get up there. The NFL closed four of the 10 entrance points into the stadium Sunday because of lingering ice on the roof of the stadium. On Friday, six people were injured by ice falling onto the sidewalk outside of the structure. NFL officials worked with the Arlington Fire Department to direct fans safely into the stadium. Safe corridors were established around any potential fall zones. In addition, the Arlington Police Department requested additional officers to the East Plaza ticket offices after the crowd started to become unruly after ticket scanners weren't functioning. There were chants of "Jerry Sucks!" and "NFL Sucks!" Steve and Dawn Novak traveled from Rochester, N.Y., to find that their $800 seats could be exchanged for three times face value, or else for a $350 standing-room-only ticket. They said the NFL would not reimburse the difference in value. They decided to take a loss on the ticket but attend the game after coming all that way. She is a Packers fan and he is a Steelers fan, and they were both angry about the experience. "We said one of us was going to be happy at the end of the day and we were wrong," Steve Novak said. Dallas resident Brian Shake said it generally takes 15 minutes to wait at the gate. He said he waited in line for an hour and 20 minutes on Sunday. "It was just so long," Shake said. "Problem was, you didn't know if you were in the right line or not. Everywhere you looked, there were just fences and screens and you couldn't get in anywhere." His wife Kathy Shake called it "frustrating." "It was very confusing on how to get in as you snaked your way through security." Paul Bryant, from Milwaukee, said he and his party waited at least 90 minutes in line to get into the stadium. "Nobody knew where to go. ... They had 14 detectives, and there's got to be 20,000 people going through here. If you do the math, that isn't enough," Bryant said. Stadium workers were covering the top corner sections of the upper deck behind one end zone two hours prior to kickoff. There were off-limits seats in the same upper-deck rows as seats that were deemed safe. Yellow police tape was used as a dividing line, with uniformed personnel also keeping folks away. The fans affected were directed to the Party Plaza area, which is located outside the stadium for the Super Bowl. The temporary-seating sections were erected in what is usually an open area. Fans can purchase $29 "Party Passes" to stand in the open areas during Cowboys games. Tim MacMahon covers the Cowboys for ESPNDallas.com. Todd Archer of ESPNDallas.com, Jane McManus of ESPNNewYork.com, ESPN.com reporters Kevin Seifert and Liz Merrill and The Associated Press contributed to this report. Recommend Tweet Email Subscribe Print Comments Tim MacMahonESPNDallas.com Follow Archive Joined ESPNDallas.com in September 2009 Covers the Dallas Cowboys and Dallas Mavericks Appears regularly on ESPN Dallas 103.3 FM SPONSORED HEADLINES ESPN Conversations comments + Add your comment View all comments PACKERS WIN SUPER BOWL XLV The Packers defeated the Steelers 31-25 in Arlington, Texas, to win their fourth Super Bowl. SB Central | SB blog | Clayton's Last Call Super Bowl: All-time results | MVPs Playoff histories: Packers | Steelers Postseason results | Gallery NEWS Packers outlast Steelers to win SB XLV Seat, exit issues taint experience » COMMENTARY/BLOG POSTS Tucker: Every roster spot matters Merrill: Rodgers steadies Packers Reilly: Rodgers' unforgettable forgiveness Reilly: A few moments with Fergie Millman: SB XLV not 'super' for Vegas MacGregor: NFL peddling patriotism Wojciechowski: Rodgers writes own legend Wilbon: View from the White House Outsiders: Big Ben isn't Mr. Clutch Scouts Buzz: Rodgers overcomes Mosley: Polamalu's impact muted Seifert: Packers move Woodson to tears Cimini: Magic runs out for Big Ben Sando: A look at the Packers' final stand Walker: Error-prone Steelers seal own fate Garber: Best, worst of Super Bowl XLV Garber: Nelson a postseason revelation McManus: Great SB or greatest SB? Watkins: Packer Peprah's long road NFL Blog Network: Rapid Reaction ESPN Texas: Super Bowl blog PAGE 2 Hangover: Handing out championship belts Snibbe cartoon: How Packers won XLV Litton cartoon: Long day for Steelers Mini-Darth Vader, Eminem best TV spots Scanning postgame scene in Green Bay Scanning postgame scene in Pittsburgh Page 2 on Super Bowl XLV musical fare Party scene: Sat. | Fri. | Thu. SPORTSNATION Did this SB live up to hype? Grade Super Bowl XLV PollCenter: Super Bowl commercials Rank Rodgers among QBs NFL BLOG NETWORK AFC: East | South | North | West NFC: East | South | North | West FOLLOW US ON TWITTER ESPN TV: Wingo | Mort | Schefter | NFL AFC bloggers: East | South | North | West NFC bloggers: East | South | North | West ESPN PASSPORT Log your sports activity | About Passport DALLAS TOP STORIES Cowboys' McClain convicted, already appeals Romo says his best football is yet to come Sources: Dez, Dallas not close on deal | JJT Familiar ring? Cowboys vow to commit to run Sources: Longhorns kick four more off team Harden's 'cornerstones' belief miffs Parsons Former Magic PG Nelson signs with Mavs Jones: Not win or else for Garrett | Taylor Greenberg: SMU still an AAC title contender ALSO SEE Packers outlast Steelers to win Super Bowl XLV Super Bowl XLV falls short of attendance record ESPN FAN SHOP Antigua Men's Pittsburgh Steelers White Tone Polo Shop » MORE NFL HEADLINES Seahawks' Lynch starts holdout over contract Steelers holding off on new Big Ben contract Cowboys' McClain convicted, already appeals Saints TE Graham glad contract 'mess' over Pats' Gronkowski not 100 percent -- but close COWBOYS RANGERS MAVERICKS STARS COLLEGES FC DALLAS MORE TOPICS& COMMENTARY FANTASY& GAMES Report a Bug ESPN.com: Help | Press | Advertise on ESPN.com | Sales Media Kit | Interest-Based Ads | Corrections | Contact Us | Site Map | Jobs at ESPN | Go.com © 2014 ESPN Internet Ventures. Terms of Use and Privacy Policy and Safety Information/Your California Privacy Rights are applicable to you. All rights reserved.
http://www.nytimes.com/2011/02/07/sports/football/07fans-super-bowl-dallas.html
Help Home Page Today's Paper Video Most Popular Please Log In PLEASE LOG IN Log in to manage your products and services from The New York Times and the International New York Times. Don't have an account yet? Create an account » Subscribed through iTunes and need an NYTimes.com account? Learn more » Email or Member ID Password Forgot Password? Remember Me Log In Contact Us NYTimes.com » Home Delivery » © 2014 The New York Times Company Site Map Privacy Your Ad Choices Advertise Terms of Sale Terms of Service Work With Us RSS Help Contact Us Site Feedback
http://dfw.cbslocal.com/2011/02/06/temporary-super-bowl-seats-unfinished-3-hours-before-kickoff/
97° Sign Up for Newsletters Buy Tickets Your Home More Channels Buy Tickets Your Home Daily Deals Up to 89% off from Hotel Dining Plus Facebook Twitter Follow Us Home News Sports Health Video Audio Best Of Events Weather Traffic Directory Travel Deals Autos Circulars Local Consumer News Politics Business Health Tech Entertainment Texas National World Dallas County Commissioner John Wiley Price Pleads Not Guilty To All Charges| MORE CBS DFW WEATHER APP: iPhone App Store | Android App Coming Soon | More Information Local Temporary Super Bowl Seats Unfinished Before Kickoff By Matt Goodman, CBSDFW.COM February 6, 2011 3:34 PM View Comments Related Tags: Cowboys Stadium, Football, NFL, Super Bowl Get Breaking News First Receive News, Politics, and Entertainment Headlines Each Morning. Sign Up A black sheet was placed over some temporary seats at the Super Bowl at Cowboys Stadium on February 6, 2011. (credit: Kent Chapline/KTVT/KTXA) ARLINGTON (CBSDFW.COM) - When Pittsburgh resident Pat Kelly plopped down in a seat next to his wife, Jill, at Cowboys Stadium on Sunday just before kickoff, it marked the end of a nearly six hour spat of confusion spurred by multiple sections of temporary seating that were not finished before the Super Bowl. “Thank God I’m here,” he said, slumping into an empty seat in the auxiliary media section. Thousands of Super Bowl ticket holders were just like the Kellys: They were told at the door that “unforeseen circumstances” may prevent them from attending the big game. According to a statement released by the NFL, workers were still installing temporary seats in the stadium’s west end – three hours before kickoff. Some of those sold seats, the NFL later said, would not be available at all. “There are a limited number of sections in temporary seating areas inside the stadium that have not been fully completed,” read a release given to media at Cowboys Stadium. “Fans who are not accommodated with seats inside the stadium will each receive the cost of the face value of their ticket.” The ticket holders won the chance to buy these $600 tickets through a lottery. Their sections at Cowboys Stadium were to be comprised of temporary seats. But when those fans arrived on Sunday afternoon, they were directed to the venue’s standing-room-only Party Plaza. The NFL said 850 ticketholders in 205a, 215a, 230a, 240a were affected and relocated. Four hundred fans in 425a and 430a could not be relocated and were given three times the $900 face value as a refund. Plus, on Monday morning, NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell said that the 400 displaced fans would also receive free tickets to next year’s Super Bowl. After being directed to the waiting area, a security worker told Dallas resident Jake Batsell, who was at the game with his father, that the fire marshal had not signed off on the temporary seating sections. According to Batsell, a former Dallas Morning News reporter, some ticket holders yelled “Thanks a lot, Jerry Jones!” as television crews filmed the confusion. “It’s a sealed off area. There are tables, heaters, vans. There’s concessions around here. It looks like it’s going to be a private entertainment area,” Batsell said. “Maybe they let us in early or something, I don’t know.” Officials with the NFL soon passed out a notice saying that many assigned seats would be “unavailable for today’s game.” This letter was handed out to some Super Bowl attendees just hours before the game was set to begin. (credit: CBS) The NFL’s statement, which was issued about an hour after the incident, went on to say that most of those fans would be moved to seats in similar or better areas. Some were later placed in the auxiliary media section in the stadium. Ticket holders who were unhappy with the new accomodations, or simply did not want to move, were able to refund their tickets for three times the face value. Fans seeking refunds were transported to Rangers Ballpark in Arlington, just down the street from Cowboys Stadium. Before these statements were released, there was widespread confusion at Cowboys Stadium about the state of these ticket holders. Batsell said that, on one side of the Party Plaza, he was told that he would not be attending the Super Bowl. A black sheet was placed over some temporary seats at the Super Bowl at Cowboys Stadium on February 6, 2011. (credit: Kent Chapline/KTVT/KTXA) “So all this is happening on one side of the area, and on the other side an NFL guy is telling everybody it’s going to be 30 minutes and we’ll still get into the game,” Batsell said. “So no one really knows what the final verdict is at this point…we’ll stay first, one way or another” After the confusion settled, Batsell and his father were seated in the same section where he bought the tickets: 427a, at the “tippy top” of the stadium, as he later tweeted. “Believe it or not, people are still buying souvenirs,” he added. Despite all of the troubles — not just with seats, but with the cold weather as well — Goodell said that the North Texas Super Bowl XLV Host Committee did a terrific job. He said that there is no reason that North Texas could not land another Super Bowl in the future. View Comments Listen Live! More from CBS DFW Latest Galleries Comic Con: Past Celebrity... Training Camp With Babe... The Fan: Bud Light Beach House Baseball Shots Of The Week –... Rory McIlroy Wins British Open... Biggest Celebrity Sports Fans Ben & Bacsik Legacy MMA... Big Balls At Bombshells... Ben & Skin At Nutrishop... Big Balls At Bombshells 7-9-14 Ben & Skin At BBQs Galore... G-Bag Nation At Advanced... The Fan At OT Tavern For... 2014 MLB All Star Game Baseball Shots Of The Week –... 2014 Emmy-Nominated CBS... News Local Politics Business Consumer Education Entertainment Tech Sports Cowboys Rangers Mavericks Stars FC Dallas NASCAR College HS Watch + Listen Video Photos The Fan Shows Weather Traffic Best Of Culture Shopping Food Nightlife Family Outdoors Events Offers Stations CBS 11 TXA 21 KRLD 105.3 The Fan Schedules Jobs Contests Corporate Advertise Business Development Contact Mobile Connect DFW Business Listings Restaurants Bars & Clubs Shopping Professional Services Search Listings About Us Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Use EEO Reports KTVT-TV Public File KTXA-TV Public File Deals Powered by WordPress.com VIP Facebook Twitter RSS Other CBS Local Cities CBS Atlanta CBS Baltimore CBS Boston CBS Charlotte CBS Chicago CBS Cleveland CBS Connecticut CBS Dallas CBS Denver CBS Detroit CBS Houston CBS Las Vegas CBS Los Angeles CBS Miami CBS Minnesota CBS New York CBS Philadelphia CBS Pittsburgh CBS Riverside CBS Sacramento CBS San Francisco CBS Seattle CBS St. Louis CBS Tampa CBS Washington ©2014 CBS Local Media, a division of CBS Radio Inc. All rights reserved. Buy Tickets Your Home More Channels Buy Tickets Your Home Daily Deals Up to 89% off from Hotel Dining Plus Follow Us Facebook Twitter Select a Live Stream News, Sports and Talk Radio Click to listen to KRLD Click to listen to 105.3 The Fan Music Radio Click to listen to KVIL-FM Click to listen to KMVK-FM Click to listen to KLUV-FM Click to listen to KJKK-FM Click to listen to CBSLocal Sports Click to listen to radio.com Click to listen to Glimmerist Advertise on our streams
http://www.dallasnews.com/sports/super-bowl/local/20110207-nfl-knew-last-week-super-bowl-seats-might-be-unusable-but-who_s-to-blame.ece
View dallasnews.com's mobile site ° Weather >> Home The Scene The Game Local Fun & Games dallasnews.com sportsdaydfw.com Home > Sports > Super Bowl > Local NFL knew last week Super Bowl seats might be unusable, but who's to blame? '; texSizeHTML += 'A'; texSizeHTML += 'A'; texSizeHTML += ''; texSizeHTML += ''; texSizeHTML += ' Chris O'Meara/AP A section of empty seats are seen at Cowboys Stadium before the NFL football Super Bowl XLV game between the Green Bay Packers and the Pittsburgh Steelers Sunday, Feb. 6, 2011, in Arlington, Texas. The seats were deemed unsafe before the game. (AP Photo/Chris O'Meara) 1 of 19 By TOM BENNING and SCOTT FARWELL / Staff Writers tbenning@dallasnews.com / sfarwell@dallasnews.com Published: 07 February 2011 11:01 AM Updated: 07 February 2011 11:15 PM Related Cowboys not off hook after temporary seating problems NFL's Roger Goodell: 'We take full responsibility' for Super Bowl ticket problems Jilted ticket holders get free tickets to next Super Bowl, money ANGRY FANS: 1,250 fans displaced after stadium seats unready THE BIG QUESTION: Was North Texas’ Super Bowl a success? Houston columnist: Dallas gets 'D' for Super Bowl YOU TELL US: Grade North Texas' efforts to pull off Super Bowl STEVE BLOW: Super Bowl mulligan? We may want one For many out-of-town fans, North Texas a 'heck of an experience' Watch every Super Bowl commercial (with Tom Maurstad review) Select Super Bowl party photo galleries The National Football League knew of a potential Super Bowl XLV seating fiasco by the middle of last week, league executives said Monday. But the NFL didn't alert fans to complications with temporary seating at Cowboys Stadium, the executives said, because they felt they had "a very good shot" at getting the problems fixed and because they didn't know who exactly might be affected. "We made a judgment that it was the right course of action to bring the fans in, rather than to discourage them or create a sense that they wouldn't have the information necessary," said Eric Grubman, the NFL's executive vice president of business ventures. About 1,250 ticket holders were relocated or forced to watch Sunday's game on television monitors because the final installation of railings — as well as the tightening of stairs and risers — was not completed in six sections of temporary seats, officials said. "They didn't have guardrails, and you don't have stairs without guardrails," said Arlington Fire Chief Don Crowson. "It's not a safe environment." Another 2,000 fans were delayed in getting to their seats because of the installation problems. The debacle — which enraged fans who spent thousands of dollars and traveled hundreds of miles to attend the game — came as another blow to a Super Bowl week already marred by crippling snow and ice. But NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell reiterated Monday that North Texas did an "outstanding job" and that the region would be a strong contender for future Super Bowls. "I'm sure that they'll be seeking another Super Bowl, and I'm sure the ownership will look at that very seriously," he said. League officials would not go into detail about the cause of the installation snafu. Executives said the delays were not related to inclement weather and that the problems had nothing to do with an ultimately unsuccessful push for a Super Bowl attendance record. Goodell said the league was going to conduct a "thorough review" of the situation and that the problems were "the responsibility of the NFL." Grubman was less definitive, calling it a "shared failure." "When parties are working together and something goes wrong, everybody has a responsibility," he said. "We will figure out what the key steps were, which ones were ours, which ones were someone else's." Grubman did not name the parties to which he referred. Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones said in a statement that "manpower and timing issues" were the reasons behind the incomplete installations, and he apologized to fans who were affected. "We deeply regret their Super Bowl experience was impacted by this error, and we share that responsibility with the NFL," said Jones, who did not make himself available for interviews. Arlington Mayor Robert Cluck pointed blame at Seating Solutions, the New York-based contractor charged with installing the temporary seats. Cluck said the company fell behind on the project and left it unfinished. "They let the city down," he said. "They let us all down." Seating Solutions could not be reached for comment. The NFL took control of the stadium to set up for the Super Bowl on Jan. 8. Crowson, the Arlington fire chief, said city inspectors worked with the Cowboys and the NFL for several weeks, inspecting modifications to the stadium that would add about 15,000 seats. "We thought it was going to be close," he said. "We were hopeful that the work would be completed. When it was not, we stepped in to make sure the fans were in a safe environment." A contractor scrambled to finish the work Sunday as fans streamed into Cowboys Stadium, but Crowson said it was clear by 2 p.m. that the work would not be completed. "I had a direct conversation with the NFL and the Dallas Cowboys organization," he said. "There was no pushback at all." The decision sent fans — many already inside Cowboys Stadium — scrambling for a way to watch the game. Nearly 850 people were moved to comparable or better seats. The 400 other fans were allowed to watch a live feed of the game — or roam around the stadium to find a view of the field. Andrew Vasey, a Steelers season-ticket holder from Indianapolis, was one of the unlucky 400. He and a friend spent nearly two hours trying to find guidance from NFL officials after an usher said their seats were off-limits. Vasey, 47, said he finally gave up and started "squatting" at various spots around the stadium. He saw the field for the first time with about five minutes left in the first half. By that point, he was furious. "This isn't the community playhouse where someone forgot to put out more folding chairs," said Vasey, who spent $8,800 on the two tickets. "This is supposedly a professional operation." NFL officials said Monday that the league would continue to reach out to the fans frustrated by Sunday's foul-up. The 850 fans who were reseated will receive no refund. But the 2,000 fans who were delayed in getting to their seats will receive a full refund of their tickets. And the NFL said fans who weren't given new seats at all will receive refunds of $2,400 per ticket — triple the face value. That bunch will also get free tickets to Super Bowl XLVI next year in Indianapolis.  "We have a responsibility to them, not to just give them the seat, but to make it a great experience," Grubman said. For Steelers diehard John Mazurek and other fans, that might not be enough. Mazurek and his 57-year-old father came to Super Bowl XLV from Pittsburgh for what they hoped would be a father-son memory for the ages. But after their section was closed, they ended up watching the game on a stadium television. Their dreams, he said, turned into disaster. "It wasn't about the money," Mazurek said. "It was about the experience."   SPORTSDAYDFW NOW ON MOBILE Get the latest sports news and information from The Dallas Morning News on your phone. Just type SportsDayDFW.com in your mobile browser. It works with almost any phone. Whether you're at the stadium, a local sports bar or just on your couch, stay connected with your teams. — Get latest scores, schedules and stats — Chat with our writers during games — Read instant analysis on our blogs It's quick and easy: Punch in SportsDayDFW.com in your mobile browser. Comments To post a comment, log into your chosen social network and then add your comment below. Your comments are subject to our Terms of Service and the privacy policy and terms of service of your social network. If you do not want to comment with a social network, please consider writing a letter to the editor. '+ '$photoDiv' + ' Hello! $username $logoutLink Post your comments in the box below '+ '$photoDiv' + ' Login to post a comment Super Bowl Stories Super Bowl ticket holders refile claims dismissed from lawsuit over seating troubles Judge denies NFL bid to dismiss lawsuit over Super Bowl tickets Super Bowl XLV host committee to meet one last time Wednesday at Cowboys Stadium SUPER BOWL XLV BLOG Super Bowl Photos Photos: A-Rod, Colt McCoy and Hayden Panettiere at Celebrity Beach Bowl   Photos: Tony Romo, Candice Crawford, celebs party at Audi event MOBILE Get dallasnews.com on your mobile device NEWSLETTERS Subscribe to a variety of newsletters Dallasnews.com Home Blogs Business eBooks Entertainment Investigations Life Local Nation & World Opinion Photos Sports Traffic Weather Autos Real estate Jobs Shopping Classifieds Business listings Legal notices Obituaries Pets Mobile Apps --------- Site map Advertising View ads Place a Classified ad Media kit Special sections My Account Pay bill Suspend delivery Back copies Newsstand feedback Contact Us Careers News tips 2014 DMN Intern Program Feedback/questions Newspaper Archives Celebrations Submit a Celebration ad View Celebration ads Related Sites AlDiaTX.com FDLuxe.com GuideLive.com neighborsgo.com ePaper Parade DentonRC.com Local business listings Find&Save Local Shopping The Texas Wedding Guide Design Guide Texas ©2014, The Dallas Morning News Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | About Us Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
http://www.nfl.com/superbowl/story/09000d5d81e29787/article/nfl-vows-refunds-for-400-fans-ousted-from-super-bowl-seats
Search Welcome, {user} MANAGE MY ACCOUNT My Profile Log Out Link Facebook Link Twitter Loading… Sign In | Register Fantasy Football News & Media Video Scores Schedules Standings Stats Watch NFL Games Live Tickets Shop Fans health & safety En Español Mobile NFL Network Super Bowl 48         NFL vows refunds for 400 fans ousted from Super Bowl seats Associated Press Published: Feb. 6, 2011 at 03:18 p.m. Updated: July 26, 2012 at 08:47 p.m. Likes  |  Comments Email Like Print Read Discuss Friend(s) Email Your Email Send Email By Associated Press More Columns > ARLINGTON, Texas -- In their zeal to set a Super Bowl attendance record, the NFL and Jerry Jones overlooked one important detail: Making sure all the temporary seats inside mammoth Cowboys Stadium had been inspected and were ready for the fans. Super Bowl XLV: Packers 31, Steelers 25 Super Bowl coverage: » Pack wins fourth Super Bowl | Highlights | Photos » Rodgers named Super Bowl MVP | Highlights » Wyche: Pack forced to overcome injuries again » Carucci: Steelers fall short in face of adversity » Kirwan: Potential dynasty brewing in Green Bay » Brandt: Future is bright in Titletown Video: » Inside the winner's circle | Champs on set » Packers fans celebrate in Green Bay » Jennings scores one | Then, two TDs » Super Bowl XLV commercials NFLShop.com: » Get Packers championship gear » Buy the Super Bowl XLV program Tweet #SB45: » Steelers-Packers matchup | Map | @NFL A Super Bowl week plagued by poor weather took an embarrassing turn Sunday when the league had to find replacement seats for 850 fans. The NFL also scrambled to find a place for another 400 people to sit inside Jones' $1.2 billion palace and couldn't locate any with a view of the field. "This is absolutely ridiculous," said Glen Long, a Pittsburgh Steelers season-ticket holder who flew in for the game from Baltimore. "That would be fraud anywhere in the world if you sold tickets to an event that you knew you didn't have. That's just wrong." Actually, the seats had been installed in six temporary sections, but they went up so late that the fire marshal didn't have time to inspect them, according to a police officer standing near an affected area who wouldn't give his name and offered an explanation of the situation provided to several fans. The officer said the winter storms that struck Dallas earlier had set back work on the temporary seats. That didn't matter to fans who believed they had been deceived by the league and Jones, the Cowboys owner who had hoped some 105,000 people would watch the game inside and outside the stadium. To bolster the crowd, there were $200 tickets that provided nothing more than a chance to watch the game on video screens set up in outdoor plazas. That didn't work out, either: Attendance was announced at 103,219, just short of the record 103,985 who turned out at the Rose Bowl in Pasadena, Calif., for the 1980 Super Bowl. As for those 400 fans, not even a hefty refund offer from the NFL was enough to satisfy them for losing their seats. The league said it would pay back triple the face value -- $2,400 for the $800 tickets. "We don't want that," said Odett Karam, a Green Bay Packers fan who flew in from California. "We just want to get into the game. We just want to see the game." The NFL said 850 fans were put in "similar or better seats." As for the rest, the NFL first offered to let the fans watch the game in the outdoor plazas. Then, shortly after kickoff, NFL spokesman Brian McCarthy said they had been allowed into the field-level club behind the Pittsburgh Steelers' bench, where they could watch the game on monitors. If they wanted to see the game in person, they had to use standing-room platforms in each corner of the stadium. The fans "watched game in club w/free food, soft drinks + merchandise," NFL spokesman Greg Aiello tweeted. "The other 850 were re-located to seats in equal or better locations. NFL + Cowboys staff and families gave up seats." Fans complained that wasn't nearly enough, especially given what they had doled out for travel and hotel costs. "They took us to a bar," said Paul Colavecchi, a displaced fan from Clearfield, Pa., who came to Texas with his sister. "That's terrific," he added sarcastically. "That's why we fronted five grand for this trip -- so we could watch the game in a bar. I didn't have to take a plane trip to Texas to watch the game on TV, and I certainly didn't buy a ticket so I could watch the game in a bar." Compounding the unhappiness, fans in the affected areas were at first put into a fenced-off area while officials tried to sort things out. They became increasingly unruly, alternating chants of "Jerry Sucks!" and "NFL Sucks!" One man shouted: "They're treating us like prisoners." Another said, "We came a long way for this." Gerry Grillo, from New Jersey, said he paid $3,000 for a ticket on the secondary market, so he would lose money even if he got a refund. "We've been in a holding area for two hours," he said after finally being let in the stadium. "Two hours!" Seating woes are the latest frustration for the first Super Bowl in the Dallas area. Buy the Super Bowl XLV program on NFLShop.com: A rare winter storm swept across the area Tuesday, ripping holes in tents on the property and hampering travel and celebrations across the region. On Friday, six people at the stadium were injured by melting snow falling from the roof one day after 5 inches of unwelcome snow fell on the area. Organizers were hoping flawless game-day logistics would wipe out some of the complaints, but the seating problem could be an issue in the area's plans to bid for the 50th Super Bowl in 2016. The affected areas were four entryways and two portions of the upper deck on the west end. In the upper deck, there were off-limits seats in the same rows as seats that were deemed safe. Yellow police tape was used as a dividing line, with uniformed personnel also keeping folks away. "The safety of fans attending the Super Bowl was paramount in making the decision and the NFL, Dallas Cowboys and City of Arlington officials are in agreement with the resolution," the NFL said in a statement. "We regret the situation and inconvenience that it may have caused. We will conduct a full review of this matter." About 15,000 temporary seats were added to the stadium in a bid to set the record for the largest crowd in Super Bowl history. The temporary seats filled open platforms that are usually standing-room only "party pass" areas for Cowboys games. The entryways were on the third level, while the upper deck is on the fifth level. Rich McCandless of Butler, Pa., was at the game with his son, Rich Jr. The younger McCandless is in the Navy and got leave from submarine duty to come to Texas from Guam. They were unable to sit in the seats they purchased and watched the game in a standing room-only section. "They had no solution. Looked like a run around," the father said. "I'd be more furious if I had any more energy. I've been standing since noon, and I'm just tired." Copyright 2011 by The Associated Press Headlines Latest Lynch will hold out of Seahawks camp, wants new deal | Details Gronkowski: I'm not 100 percent yet | Sign up for NFL fantasy Steelers won't extend Roethlisberger's deal until after season Andre Johnson reports to camp: I just love football | NFL NOW 'Boys LB McClain convicted of resisting arrest, disorderly conduct CJ2K healthy, mixing in snaps at wide receiver | Fantasy spin Jets' Wilkerson: I'm underpaid right now | 'ITC Live' whispers Ravens sign safety Will Hill | Ray Rice suspended two games Fisher: Bradford 'full-go' for training camp | Quarterback rankings Subscribe More News > Videos / More Videos > Photos / More Photos > NFL Shop / More Gear > Spotlight Second chances: Who will rise in Year 2? Georgia WR makes Star Wars fan film The evolution of the NFL Eight players primed to regress in 2014 ATL's top 10 players of 2014 Twenty things fantasy owners should know Best of what college football has to offer 2014 NFL Draft first-round signing tracker Information Contact Us FAQ | Rule Book Public Relations Jobs: League | Team Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Initiatives NFL Rush Play 60 In the Community NFL Auction Media Info NFL Communications Media Kit Media Guides Player Services NFL Health & Safety NFL Player Care Player Engagement More NFL Sites NFL Youth Tackle USA Football NFL International NFL On Location NFL Extra Points   Pro Football Hall of Fame NFL Ticket Exchange NFL Shop Licensing © 2014 NFL Enterprises LLC. NFL and the NFL shield design are registered trademarks of the National Football League.The team names, logos and uniform designs are registered trademarks of the teams indicated. All other NFL-related trademarks are trademarks of the National Football League. NFL footage © NFL Productions LLC.   Bills Dolphins Patriots Jets Ravens Bengals Browns Steelers Texans Colts Jaguars Titans Broncos Chiefs Raiders Chargers Cowboys Giants Eagles Redskins Bears Lions Packers Vikings Falcons Panthers Saints Buccaneers Cardinals Rams 49ers Seahawks © 2014 NFL Enterprises LLC. NFL and the NFL shield design are registered trademarks of the National Football League.The team names, logos and uniform designs are registered trademarks of the teams indicated. All other NFL-related trademarks are trademarks of the National Football League. NFL footage © NFL Productions LLC. PRIVACY POLICY | Terms & Conditions NFL News CONTENT 15
http://edition.cnn.com/2011/SPORT/football/02/06/super.bowl.seating/
EDITION:  INTERNATIONAL U.S. MÉXICO ARABIC TV:   CNNi CNN en EspaÃ±ol Set edition preference Sign up Log in Home Video World U.S. Africa Asia Europe Latin America Middle East Business World Sport Entertainment Tech Travel iReport World Sport Home Football Golf Tennis Motorsport Sailing Rugby Blog Share this on: Mixx Facebook Twitter Digg delicious reddit MySpace StumbleUpon LinkedIn Viadeo Some 400 ticket-holding fans denied seats at Super Bowl XLV By the CNN Wire Staff Not so super tickets STORY HIGHLIGHTS A seating mistake at the stadium leaves some 400 people without seats Those fans will get triple the face value of their tickets CNN affiliates KTVT and WFAA have more on the story. See Sports Illustrated video of fans' outrage. (CNN) -- Some 400 fans with tickets to the big game were denied seats at the Super Bowl Sunday because certain stadium sections weren't ready, the NFL said. Seats were not completely installed in six sections, affecting about 1,250 fans. Roughly 850 of those people were relocated to "similar or better seats," but 400 were left out, the NFL said. "It's not the money. It's the whole issue. We came here for the memories and it's not happening," said Wayne Rusch, a Green Bay Packers fan, who spoke to CNN while waiting to hear if he would have a seat. His daughter, Anna Rusch, said she flew from Washington, D.C., for the game. "I love the Packers and right now I can't see anything," she said, clearly exasperated. Green Bay Packers fan: 'I love it' Super Bowl ad winners and losers RELATED TOPICS Super Bowl National Football League Green Bay Packers Pittsburgh Steelers Fans denied seats are expected to get a refund of triple the cost of the face value -- $800 -- of their ticket. They were also allowed in the stadium to watch the game on monitors or from standing platforms in each corner of the stadium, the NFL said. But whether that was enough to satisfy upset fans remains to be seen. "It was terribly mismanaged and we're just beside ourselves. I don't know how this is going to come out," said an unnamed Pittsburgh Steelers fan between tears. "I can't see a positive outcome." The NFL promised to look into the incident. "We regret the situation and inconvenience that it may have caused. We will conduct a full review of this matter," it said in a statement. "The safety of fans attending the Super Bowl was paramount in making the decision." Sunday's game between the Green Bay Packers and Pittsburgh Steelers, Super Bowl XLV, kicked off around 6:30 p.m ET. Share this on: Mixx Facebook Twitter Digg delicious reddit MySpace StumbleUpon LinkedIn Viadeo FOLLOW THIS TOPIC Most Popular Today's five most popular stories MH17 crash victims: Athlete, young brothers, family among those killed Malaysia Airlines: Crash site in Ukraine goes neglected as bodies decompose Observers: Who's moving bodies at Malaysia Airlines crash site? 5 things you might not know about Prince George Malaysian plane shot down in Ukraine: What happened? Loading weather data ... Home | Video | World | U.S. | Africa | Asia | Europe | Latin America | Middle East | Business | World Sport | Entertainment | Tech | Travel | iReport Tools & Widgets | RSS | Podcasts | Blogs | CNN Mobile | My Profile | E-mail Alerts | CNN Radio | CNN Shop | Site map | CNN Partner Hotels CNN en ESPAÑOL | CNN Chile | CNN México | | | | © 2014 Cable News Network. Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of service | Privacy guidelines | Ad choices | Advertise with us | License our content | About us | Contact us | Work for us | Help CNN TV | HLN | Transcripts
