http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2011/02/07/AR2011020703936.html
  washingtonpost.com  >  Nation  >  Green Correction to This Article Earlier versions of this story misquoted James Overland of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. He said, "The breakdown of the vortex is very unusual." This version has been corrected. Is severe winter weather related to global warming? Snow from one of two blizzards that hit the Washington area last February covers northbound Interstate 395 in Alexandria.    Enlarge Photo     Network News X Profile View More Activity Your Feedback Corrections, suggestions? TOOLBOX Resize Print E-mail Reprints By Ben Harder Monday, February 7, 2011; 2:56 PM You may not remember exactly what you were doing one year ago, but odds are good you spent part of the day shoveling, buying an extra pair of gloves or replenishing your emergency stash of batteries. Odds are even better that you remember what happened just before and just after the anniversary we celebrate today. The first of a pair of major blizzards struck Washington on Feb. 5 and 6. The reprise landed on Feb. 9 and 10. Our region experienced record snowfall last winter, topping the charts dating at least as far back as the late 1800s. In all, more than six feet of snow fell at sites such as Baltimore-Washington International Marshall Airport. Extreme weather nailed other U.S. cities last winter, too, and swaths of Europe saw unprecedented snowfalls and record cold temperatures. This year, the nation's capital has suffered one unusually severe storm. Parts of the East Coast from Atlanta to Boston have been experiencing blizzard conditions. Last week, a vast swath of the country's midsection and East Coast got deluged with sleet and snow, paralyzing travel. What gives? Some weather scientists suspect that climate change - the menace often called global warming - is partly to blame. Although the link is far from definitive - two years of lousy weather, after all, doesn't make much of a trend - the meteorological dots are beginning to line up. But wait a second: global warming is about the world getting warmer, right? All those greenhouse gases from burning fossil fuels trap solar radiation in the atmosphere, et cetera. If anything, winter weather seems like it should be on its way to extinction. Weather isn't that simple, as it turns out. On average, the world is indeed getting warmer. (Even those skeptical about the human effect on Earth's climate don't dispute that fact, which is well established from year after year of upward-trending thermometer readings around the planet.) But global warming doesn't necessarily translate into warming everywhere, all the time. To understand how warming and snowstorms may be connected, it helps to start with the epicenter of winter weather. Around the North Pole, some of the world's coldest air currents blow in what's typically a tight loop known as the polar vortex. Air masses inside the vortex tend to have not only low temperatures but also low barometric pressures compared with air outside the vortex. The surrounding high-pressure zones push in on the vortex from all sides, helping the cold air stay where it belongs, at the top of the world. That's what happens, most of the time, at least. Occasionally, pressure inside the vortex strengthens, causing the vortex itself to become unstable, like a top that's losing its spin. When that happens, frigid polar air is more likely to escape the meteorological fence that normally confines it. The result, sometimes felt far to the south, can take the form of severe winter weather. Over the past two years, the polar vortex has been strikingly unstable, according to meteorological data. James Overland of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration cites a couple of measures in particular: One, called the Arctic oscillation, tracks air pressure and related atmospheric variables over the North Pole. The other, the North Atlantic oscillation, takes into account similar variables in the neighborhood of Iceland. Both indexes are reliable indicators of the strength of the polar vortex. Last winter, both indexes reflected higher air pressures and therefore less vortex stability than scientists have ever recorded. This year, both were again seriously off-kilter. Any number of meteorological factors contributed to those anomalies. Some were undoubtedly random, Overland says. But he and other experts suspect climate change is contributing to the unusual pattern, and if they're right, things could get a whole lot worse in the years ahead. The root of the problem, Overland says, is melting sea ice. Sea ice forms in the Arctic Ocean during the cold, dark days of fall and winter and hangs around, melting slowly but not completely vanishing, throughout the summer. In recent years, more sea ice has melted during the warm months than can be replenished during the chillier ones. As a result, scientists have found, the total amount of arctic sea ice has shrunk; at the end of the past few summers, it has been consistently down some 30 percent when compared with historical averages of the 1980s and 1990s at that time of year. In the decades ahead, climate scientists have predicted, the amount of sea ice surviving into the late summer may fall as much as 80 percent below historical levels. Sea ice reflects sunlight, redirecting some of the the sun's energy away from the planet. When sunlight strikes open ocean instead of ice, however, the water absorbs much of the solar radiation. So low levels of sea ice allow water temperatures to increase more than usual during the summer, when the sun is shining on the Arctic. Even as the days grow short and cold, the water's tepidity can release excess heat, which tends to increase pressure in the air above. And remember, excess pressure in the far north poses a threat to the polar vortex. "The breakdown of the vortex is very unusual," says Overland. "We've had it two years in a row. That makes you wonder. "My speculation," he says, "is that the extra heat stored in the ocean and given to the arctic atmosphere has a tendency to support the breakdown of the vortex." In other words, some melting ice and a moat of warmish water in the Arctic may be spawning the blasts of frigid air that keep pummeling us. How's that for a cold irony? More Climate Change News Green: Science. Policy. Living. News, features, and opinions on environmental policy, the science of climate change, and tools to live a green life. Special Report The Post's series on the science behind climate change. © 2011 The Washington Post Company Network News X My Profile Friends' Activity Most Popular Twitter Activity Follow The Post: Facebook Twitter View More Activity
http://www.foxnews.com/scitech/2011/02/03/worsening-winters-come-global-warming/
Search Sign in to comment! Login Science Home Air & Space Archaeology Planet Earth Wild Nature Natural Science Dinosaurs Slideshows Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports On Air Fox News Fox Business Fox News Latino Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Menu FoxNews.com Search The earth\u2019s climate is warming, yet America is facing the most brutal winter in years. Who can explain the seeming contradiction? Former Vice President Al Gore, of course.<\/p>", baynoteOrOutbrain:"outbrain", commenting: "true", partnerInfo: {"partner": {"source": "","info": []}} }; var disqus_identifier = "a09d3ff501384310VgnVCM100000d7c1a8c0RCRD"; var disqus_category_id = "462129"; var disqus_developer = 1; Science Home Air & Space Archaeology Planet Earth Wild Nature Natural Science Dinosaurs Slideshows Planet Earth Al Gore Explains 'Snowmageddon' By Gene J. Koprowski Published February 03, 2011 FoxNews.com Facebook Twitter livefyre Hundreds of cars were stranded on Lake Shore Drive in Chicago, Wednesday, Feb. 2, after a winter blizzard of historic proportions wobbled the otherwise snow-tough city.AP Photo/Kiichiro Sato If the planet is warming, why is a third of America locked in a deep freeze, with record-low temperatures as far south as the Mexican border, where the thermometer in Ciudad Juarez plummeted Wednesday night to a bone-chilling 9-below zero? Self-proclaimed planetary climate czar Al Gore thinks he has answer. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT "As it turns out, the scientific community has been addressing this particular question for some time now, and they say increased heavy snowfalls are completely consistent with what they have been predicting as a consequence of man-made global warming," Gore write in a blog post. The Nobel Prize-winning former vice president was responding to a question posed by Fox News’ Bill O’Reilly, who wondered on air why global warming was such an urgent science policy priority when the New York City area had become a “tundra” this winter. Gore also indicated that he believes a rise in global temperatures is creating “all sorts of havoc,” from hotter dry spells to colder winters and ever more violent storms. This is even endangering certain species of animals and leading to forest fires and floods. But not surprisingly, some climate-change skeptics are a bit hot under the collar over Gore’s “scientific” explanation. “Gore’s statement actually indicates a deeper problem -- lack of precise predictions,” said Dr. William M. Briggs, a statistician and climate scientist. His research shows that there are no increased weather problems because of global warming, Briggs told FoxNews.com. “He’s saying that anything bad that happens must be because global warming caused it. Activists like Gore are great at identifying events after the fact as being caused by global warming, but terrible at predicting them beforehand,” Briggs said. Meteorologist Art Horn agreed, noting the extensive history of devastating weather over the millennia -- none of which he connects with global warming. “If one actually studies the history of weather over the last 2,000 years, you see massive storms, amazing heat, brutal cold waves, devastating droughts, terrible floods and disastrous hurricanes -- none caused by global warming,” he told FoxNews.com. “Gore has no appreciation for large natural variability in weather,” Horn said.  Other scientists were quick to leap to Gore's support, arguing that the extreme cold weather is a logical, expected outcome for our warming planet.  “It’s not hard at all to get temperatures cold enough for snow in a world experiencing global warming,” meteorologist Jeffrey Masters told FoxNews.com. “There will still be colder than average winters in a world that is experiencing warming with plenty of opportunities for snow.” The contretemps over global warming and winter weather -- and the bickering among scientists about man's effect on the climate -- has had a profound impact on public opinion around the globe. A January poll by Rasmussen Reports indicates that Americans are still more inclined to believe global warming is primarily caused by long-term planetary trends, although the gap narrowed a bit this month. But Americans don't blame global warming for this winter’s weather.  Skepticism is very clearly increasing overseas; a poll released this week by the Office for National Statistics in the U.K. indicated that the number of climate skeptics there had nearly doubled during the last four years. The proportion of people who said they were “not very concerned” about global warming now numbers more than one in five, the U.K. government said. But many still argue that global warming is real, and the ultimate cause of the wretched weather. One environmental consultant pointed FoxNews.com to an article that detailed a polar bear's nine-day swim to find an ice raft for refuge -- due to global warming’s impact on the environment of Alaska. Others take a less anecdotal approach, and say that pure science supports Gore's global-warming argument. “It’s basic atmospheric physics,” said Meg Wilcox, a spokeswoman for Ceres, a national network of investors and environmental organizations. “Warmer air holds more moisture. This fact is apparent when you see water vapor hanging in the air after turning off a hot shower. When warm air holding moisture meets cooler air, the moisture condenses into tiny droplets that will fall as precipitation, rain or snow, depending upon atmospheric conditions.” Warm air meets cold air seems simple enough. So why can't scientists agree?  If it all seems confusing and contradictory, other experts say, the real blame lies not with the climate, or with science, or even scientists or former politicians, but with the incompetent media for failing to provide critical context for readers.  “The last 2,000 years is full of incredible weather events that dwarf what we see today,” said Horn. “Nature isn't cooperating with the global warming camp and theory.” He points to a New York Times story from the 1970s, which said the planet was getting so cold that humanity was in danger of starving to death. The article argued that the world’s weather would soon be so frigid that it could no longer permit the cultivation of crops for food. The Times’ headline on August 8, 1974, was simple enough: “Climate changes Endanger World’s Food Output.” “First we were told the world was cooling. Then it was getting hotter,” Dan Gainor, a spokesman for the Media Research Center, tells FoxNews.com. “Then cooling again. Then hotter. Now it’s just climate change -- so they can’t be wrong no matter what change occurs.” Advertisement SciTech Connect Subscribe to the daily Geek Sheet for top science and technology stories Thank you! Your subscription has been submitted. More on this... Five Reasons the Planet May Not Be Its Hottest Ever Scientists Inadvertently Killing Penguins, Researchers Find Eight Botched Environmental Forecasts In Cancun, Climate Change on the Agenda Yet Again Professor to Students: Stop Global Warming or 'Blood Will Be on Your Hands' Trending in Science 1 Egyptian carving defaced by King Tut's possible father discovered 2 Marine biologist says 6th-grader stole his idea 3 Scientists develop 'super black' material that the human eye can't see 4 Fukushima monkeys' blood shows signs of radiation exposure 5 Scientists blown away by 6th-grader's fish project See all Trends American Innovation More → Superfast Internet makes a Kansas City neighborhood a hot spot for startups From the lab to the boardroom: Tech Launch lifts startups Dead patient? New tech gives students another try Advertisement 'Lucy' Thriller Revives 10% Brain Capacity Myth Alien Smog: How Pollution Could Help Locate E.T. Roasting? 7 Scientific Ways to Beat the Heat Even Zookeepers Have Their Favorites (Op-Ed) True New Yorkers: Not Much Fazes NYC Squirrels DIY Vaginal Ultrasounds Reduce Doctor Visits Sprawling Northwest Wildfire Captured by Drone Cam Denied! Wikipedia Blocks Edits from US Congress Chandra's X-Ray Supernova Remnant Stunners: Photos Massive Mayfly Invasion Marauds Midwest: Photos Subaru’s WRX S4 promises more sophisticated performance, but only in Japan DT Contest: Upgrade your home by winning our $400 H/K Onyx Studio Bayonetta 2 online co-op mode details revealed Shaq raps to Pharrell for a spot on the NBA 2K15 soundtrack Amazon Fire Phone now available in AT&T stores Colonize Space with ‘Civilization: Beyond Earth’ | Game Trailer Hubble Space Telescope Could Become LEGO Model with Fan Votes Astronaut's View on Israel-Gaza Conflict: No Borders Visible from Space Rough Road Ahead: Rocky Mars Terrain Challenges Curiosity Rover Mining the Moon? Space Property Rights Still Unclear, Experts Say Jews and Arabs around the world come together, 'refuse to be enemies' In Gaza, pediatrics wing crowded with war wounded 5 reasons you should take a summer vacation Mystery Stock CYNK Plunges as Expected After Trading Reopens Facebook and Google Are in Trouble - and You're to Blame Site Index Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather On Air Tools Live Video Trending uReport Newsletters Alerts Blogs Mobile Podcasts Radio Fox News Store Apps & Downloads About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ad Choices Contact Us Email Newsroom FAQ Media Relations Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn RSS Newsletters Fox News Back to Top This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2014 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes. Privacy - Terms - FAQ
http://www.nytimes.com/2011/02/07/opinion/07krugman.html
Help Home Page Today's Paper Video Most Popular Please Log In PLEASE LOG IN Log in to manage your products and services from The New York Times and the International New York Times. Don't have an account yet? Create an account » Subscribed through iTunes and need an NYTimes.com account? Learn more » Email or Member ID Password Forgot Password? Remember Me Log In Contact Us NYTimes.com » Home Delivery » © 2014 The New York Times Company Site Map Privacy Your Ad Choices Advertise Terms of Sale Terms of Service Work With Us RSS Help Contact Us Site Feedback
http://dailycaller.com/2011/02/04/krauthammer-thomas-spar-global-warming-years-extreme-winter-weather/
TRENDING BARACK OBAMA | IMMIGRATION | MALAYSIA AIRLINES | RUSSIA | ISRAEL Facebook Twitter Google Plus Linkedin The Daily Caller The Daily Caller Send Tips Home Home Politics US Entertainment Sports Business Tech Education Opinion Guns and Gear Video Blogs The Mirror KausFiles Matt Lewis DC Trawler Ask Matt Labash Jobs Home Home Politics US Entertainment Sports Business Tech Education Opinion Guns and Gear Video Blogs The Mirror KausFiles Matt Lewis DC Trawler Ask Matt Labash Jobs US Krauthammer, Thomas spar over global warming as the cause of this year’s extreme winter weather 6:38 PM 02/04/2011 Share   Tweet   Share Email Print     Share Jeff Poor Media Reporter See All Articles Email Jeff Poor Subscribe to RSS Follow on Twitter Bio Tweet 2004793 Dallas, the site of this Sunday’s Super Bowl, is experiencing unusual winter weather with record snowfall this year. That brings to mind a question: whatever happened to global warming? Earlier this week, former Vice President Al Gore insisted all this erratic winter weather was a result of anthropogenic global warming, a point columnist Charles Krauthammer refuted on the Friday broadcast of “Inside Washington.” “Look, if Godzilla were on the Mall this afternoon, Al Gore would say it’s global warming because the spores in the south Atlantic Ocean were – you know, look everything is, it’s a religion,” Krauthammer said. “In a religion everything is explicable. In science, you can actually deny or falsify a proposition with evidence.  You find me a single piece of evidence that Al Gore would ever admit that would contradict global warming and I’ll be surprised.” Evan Thomas, a former editor for Newsweek magazine, said Gore wasn’t relevant and that it is plausible global warming is contributing to the winter weather. “Al Gore is a red herring here,” Thomas said. “There are some scientists that are looking at this interesting question about the jet stream, which had gone at sort of this tight cone over the North Pole. That wall that kept it up there has broken down with global warming as the sea has been heating up there. So, there is a body of scientific – it’s theory still that the jet stream is wobbling around and causing this crazy weather and it is related to global warming.” Watch: Tags: Al Gore, Charles Krauthammer, Climate change, Climatology, Global Warming, Weather     Share ← Older Comments Mark Oregon If global warming is real science then why did so called scientists lie, manipulate and hide data? Why does every global warming conference like Copenhagen look like a convention of socialists? Realist4U is right. This is a scam to redistribute wealth. Realist4U Another ploy for wealth distribution…nothing more. 1TrueOne55 Here is a theory that maybe science can prove. How many degrees does the Earth wobble on its axis during a 25k period? Are we coming to a change in the Earth’s rotational axis since the last change and will it make a change in the weather patterns if it tilts closer to the UV rays of the Sun, you know those rays that heat up the upper atmosphere and also move the magnetic field around when Sun Spot activity gets revved up. What Science proves is that what is happening is normal in the life of the Planet and will be regulated by it as needed. No amount of CO2 from Al Gore can change that fact or the climate. Some scientists believe with evidence that when CO2 levels rise trees grow faster and bigger to make up for the change. That is if you can believe their tree ring science and carbon dating. ldrider51 The human race is but a pimple on the ass of mother nature. To believe that we can in any significant way affect climate on earth is to display the extreme hubris of mankind. ← Older Comments Register for Emails Popular Articles Popular Emailed Mark Levin Savages Jon Stewart Over ‘Putrid’ Israel Segment: ‘Read Up, Ivy League Boy!’ Obamacare Architect Argued Years Ago That States Without Exchanges Can’t Get Subsidies Professor Who Claimed ‘MORAL RIGHT’ To Censor, Batter Teen Abortion Foe Pleads No Contest Obamacare Architect Says AGAIN That Subsidies Were Only Supposed To Go To State Exchanges The Sun Could’ve Destroyed Civilization Two Years Ago Iran Supreme Leader: The Only Solution For Crisis Is Israel’s Destruction Group Given Nearly $300 Million To House Child Immigrants; Improperly Disclosed Lobbying More Congressmen Demand Answers About Planned Parenthood Abortion Quotas Study: Climate Models Overestimated Global Warming For The Last 55 Years Doctor ‘Saved Lives’ By Shooting Hospital Gunman Iran Supreme Leader: The Only Solution For Crisis Is Israel’s Destruction Obamacare Architect Argued Years Ago That States Without Exchanges Can’t Get Subsidies Senate Undergoes Emergency Cleaning After Woman Drags In Bedbugs The Sun Could’ve Destroyed Civilization Two Years Ago Report: White House To Release $34 Billion In New Regulations After Mid-Terms James Carville: Obama ‘Doesn’t Really Care’ What The American People Think Study: Climate Models Overestimated Global Warming For The Last 55 Years Twice As Many Americans Say Obamacare’s Hurting Them As Say It’s Helping ISIS Militants Destroy Biblical Site Financial Times Replaces Washington Bureau Chief Scarlett Johansson’s Hottest Moments [SLIDESHOW] 12:15 AM 07/25/2014 13 Amazing New Ways To Use Bacon [SLIDESHOW] 10:38 AM 07/22/2014 The Best Bombshells Of The ’80s [SLIDESHOW] 12:02 AM 07/21/2014 Nine Sizzling Reasons NOT To Cross The Border [SLIDESHOW] 11:09 PM 07/18/2014 The World’s Most Expensive Foods [SLIDESHOW] 4:38 PM 07/17/2014 Derek Jeter’s Gorgeous Girlfriends Are The Real Reason He’s An All Star [SLIDESHOW] 1:31 PM 07/16/2014 Selena Gomez Shows Off Her Assets [SLIDESHOW] 7:53 PM 07/13/2014 These Beagles Are Way Cooler Than You [SLIDESHOW] 3:00 PM 07/12/2014 Best And Hottest Backsides Of Instagram [SLIDESHOW] 1:30 PM 07/12/2014 This Week In The Internet’s Hottest Women [SLIDESHOW] 12:37 AM 07/12/2014 See More Poll Sections Home Politics US Entertainment Sports Business Tech Education Opinion Video Guns and Gear Blogs Jobs Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash KausFiles Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ RSS Corporate About Us Daily Caller Store Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Copyright 2010 - 2014 The Daily Caller. Version 2.81 " + readCookie('dailycaller_uname') + "(My Account | logout) Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3). =e/100?0:100),a=[h,e,0],this.set(f,a.join(":"));else return!0;var c=a[1];if(100==c)return!0;switch(a[0]){case "v":return!1;case "r":return c=a[2]%Math.floor(100/c),a[2]++,this.set(f,a.join(":")),!c}return!0}; this.go=function(){if(this.check()){var a=document.createElement("script");a.type="text/javascript";a.src=g+ "&t=" + (new Date()).getTime();document.body&&document.body.appendChild(a)}}; this.start=function(){var a=this;window.addEventListener?window.addEventListener("load",function(){a.go()},!1):window.attachEvent&&window.attachEvent("onload",function(){a.go()})}}; try{(new g(100,"r","QSI_S_ZN_3fPVLY1l4oVF553","http://siteinterceptco1.qualtrics.com/WRSiteInterceptEngine/?Q_ZID=ZN_3fPVLY1l4oVF553&Q_LOC="+encodeURIComponent(window.location.href))).start()}catch(i){}})(); CRM Integration Enterprise Feedback Management
http://www.businessinsider.com/global-warming-update-bizarre-weather-destroyed-crops-and-no-more-right-whales-2011-2
Featured Trending Recent Login Remember me I forgot username or password Login with Twitter Login with Facebook Login with LinkedIn Login with Google Register Events BI Intelligence Tech Finance Politics Strategy Life Entertainment All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. Business Insider More: Climate Change Commodities Jeremy Grantham Wheat Weather CLIMATE-CHANGE UPDATE: Bizarre Weather, Destroyed Crops, And No More Right Whales Henry Blodget Feb. 5, 2011, 3:36 PM 6,507 133 facebook linkedin twitter google+ print email print email share share tweet share print email Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Linkedin share print email An update on climate-change from an unusual source: Legendary fund manager Jeremy Grantham. Jeremy starts with an overview of the bizarre weather the world is having, then moves on to right whales. The latter is just an anecdote, obviously, with a theory attached. But interesting nonetheless. Commodities, Weather, and Markets Climate and weather are hard to separate.  My recommendation is to ignore everything that is not off the charts and in the book of new records.  The hottest days ever recorded were all over the place last year, with 2010 equaling 2005 as the warmest year globally on record.  Russian heat and Pakistani ﬂoods, both records, were clearly related in the eyes of climatologists.  Perhaps most remarkable, though, is what has been happening in Australia: after seven years of ﬁerce drought, an area the size of Germany and France is several feet under water.  This is so out of the range of experience that it has been described as “a ﬂood of biblical proportions.”  More to the investment point: Russian heat affects wheat prices and Australian ﬂoods interfere with both mining and crops.  Weather-induced disappointment in crop yield seems to be becoming commonplace.  This pattern of weather extremes is exactly what is predicted by the scientiﬁc establishment.  Snow on Capitol Hill, although cannon fodder for some truly dopey and ill-informed Congressmen, is also perfectly compatible.  Weather instability will always be the most immediately obvious side effect of global warming. One last story, which is far from hard science, but to me at least intriguing; I support research being done by the New England Aquarium on the right whale (so called because it was just perfect for catching, killing, and turning into whale oil).  We had lunch with the right whale expert one month ago – hot off the press! – and were informed of a new development.  Three hundred and ﬁfty or so right whales (out of the remaining population of some 500, down from at least hundreds of thousands), have always shown up in late summer for several weeks of feeding in the Bay of Fundy.  This year, for the ﬁrst time in the 30 years of the study, they were “no shows.”  Calling up and down the coast, they were able to locate only 100 of them (all known by sight as individuals; none of which stayed more than a day or two anywhere).  It is hoped that their food supply had simply moved to another location.  The cause for this is unknown and may take years to be very conﬁ dent of, but the most likely candidate is that extra cold fresh water run- off from melting ice, mainly Greenland, had shifted currents or interfered in other ways with the location of their food.  If indeed the cause were accelerated run-off, then this would be completely compatible with another long-established hypothesis: that extra cold fresh water from Greenland might cool the Gulf Stream, the great conveyor of heat to Great Britain and Northern Europe.  If this were in fact the case, then London would wake up and ﬁnd itself feeling a lot more like Montreal – on about the same latitude – than it is used to, producing, for example, the winter there that all travelers are reading about today. You read it here ﬁrst, and conservative scientists will perhaps be writing it up in a learned journal in two or more years.  It is, though, a wonderfully simple example of how a warm winter in the Northern ice might have destabilized systems, ultimately resulting in a frigid Northern Europe. See Also: Paul Krugman Nails The Cause Of Skyrocketing Food Prices facebook linkedin twitter google+ email email share share tweet share email Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Linkedin Share on Google Plus email Recommended For You Comments Comments on this post are now closed. Insiders All Comments 133 Apply To Be An "Insider" » Loading CLIMATE-CHANGE UPDATE: Bizarre Weather, Destroyed Crops, And No More Right Whales CLIMATE-CHANGE UPDATE: Bizarre Weather, Destroyed Crops, And No More Right Whales Legendary fund manager Jeremy Grantham weighs in... Get Business Insider Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Business Insider Select More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Breaking News Business Insider Events Entertainment Entertainment Select Sports Select Finance Finance Select Markets Select Monday Scouting Report Your Money Select Financial Advisor Insights Smart Investor Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select Marketing Mondays Advertising: The Brief Politics Politics Select Military Select Law & Order Select Life Life Select Transportation Select Education Select Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Social Media Chart Of The Day Mobile Chart Of The Day Video Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Advertisement Your Money NASDAQ Composite 4,449 -23.25 (-0.52%) S&P 500 1,979 -9.14 (-0.46%) NYSE Composite 10,990 -48.3 (-0.438%) Sponsored By LinkedIn E-COMMERCE AND THE FUTURE OF RETAIL: 2014 [SLIDE DECK] LinkedIn May Not Be The Coolest Social Network, But It's Only Becoming More Valuable To Businesses Social Media Engagement: The Surprising Facts About How Much Time People Spend On The Major Social Networks Login with LinkedIn to see what your friends are reading on Business Insider. Login with LinkedIn No articles have recently been shared in your network. More » Sponsored Content This Salmon Will Likely Be The First Genetically Modified Animal You Eat More "Game Changers" » How Does GPS Work? More "Innovation Explained" » The 21 Coolest Small Businesses In Toronto More "Moving Forward" » A San Francisco Startup Has Plans To Blow Up The Egg Industry More "Game Changers" » Welcome, ! You are logged into Facebook Social: Your Activity| These articles have been shared on your timeline. You can remove them here: Options Notify me when a story is shared. Yes No Welcome, ! You are logged in with Google Social: Your Activity| These articles have been added to your Google activity log. You can remove them here: Options Notify me when a story is shared. Yes No Watch & Learn How To Win An Argument 3 Research-Based Tricks To Get A Raise 5 Ways Retailers Trick You Into Spending More Money Trending The Hive What Smart People Are Reading 4 Post reporter, other journalists appear to have been detained in Iran 3 Facebook, Uber Discuss Integrating Car Service Into Messenger 2 Americans Still Oppose Lowering the Drinking Age 2 The Down And Dirty History Of TMZ 2 Iran confirms arrest of Post correspondent Post 2 Facebook Gain Makes Zuckerberg Wealthier Than Google Guys - Bloomberg 2 YO Egg-timer 2 KSN News Poll still shows Davis ahead of Brownback in race for governor 2 Europe's Jews Blamed For Israel's War Beast 2 Apple Mac OS X Yosemite Walkthrough Insider More See All » The New Digital Frontier: Video The Digital Video Advertising Report: Growth Forecasts And Viewability Scandals The Online Video Ecosystem Explained — Who Holds The Real Power In Video Streaming? Video Game Consoles Are Still The Most Popular Streaming Devices For TVs    Read Business Insider On The Go FREE App Download Available for iPhone, iPad, Android, BlackBerry and Windows Advertisement Find A Job Tech Jobs Media Jobs Finance Jobs C-Level Jobs Design Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs Thanks to our partners * Copyright © 2014 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Powered by MongoDB Hosted by Datapipe Stock quotes by YCharts Made in NYC International Editions: AUS ID IN MY SG
http://www.weather.com/blog/weather/8_23930.html
'); } document.write(' '); 0) document.getElementsByTagName("head")[0].appendChild(crtg_script);else if(document.getElementsByTagName("body").length>0) document.getElementsByTagName("body")[0].appendChild(crtg_script); =0) { softDeclarationsList.splice(idx,1); } //add it to top of stack softDeclarationsList.unshift(dvalue); //UPDATE IT TO HARD DECLARATIONS ONLY IF IT EXISTS var idx = hardDeclarationsList.indexOf(dvalue); if(idx >=0) { hardDeclarationsList.splice(idx,1); //add it to top of stack hardDeclarationsList.unshift(dvalue); } } } var preferredDeclaration = 'undc'; var user = user || {}; if (hardDeclarationsList.length > 0) { user.hardDeclarations = hardDeclarationsList; preferredDeclaration = hardDeclarationsList[0]; } if (('undefined' !== typeof softDeclarationsList) && (softDeclarationsList.length > 0)) { user.softDeclarationsList = softDeclarationsList; if (preferredDeclaration == 'undc') { preferredDeclaration = softDeclarationsList[0]; } } user.preferredDeclaration = preferredDeclaration; jQuery.jStorage.set("user",user); //END SET up local storage for hard Declarations Forecasts Today's Forecast National Forecast Severe Weather Alerts Safety & Preparedness Hurricane Central Winter Storm Central Tornado Central Commuter Forecast Severe Weather Threat Continues Tropical Update: Expert Analysis Summer Forecast The Week Ahead Maps Weather In Motion Severe Alerts Current Temps Classic Maps US Satellite World Satellite Commuter Forecast Current Snowcover Traffic Conditions Pollencast Current Weather & Temperatures Video All Video Most Popular Weather Films Uncharted Great Outdoors Hurricanes Fan Videos Upload a Video Massive 7.9 Earthquake Economy in Peril from Global Warming Cat Sneaks into Lynx Cage sameWindow She Thought She was Going to Die Photos All Photos Fan Photos Upload Your Photos Vote in Photo Contest TERRIFYING Abandoned Prison Antarctica's Unbelievable Colors Million-Dollar Home for Sale Meet the World's Ugliest Dog News All News Travel Health Science Environment Tornado Central Hurricane Central Study: This Kills More Men Than Women When Lyme Disease Won't Quit Rare Corpse Flower Blooms What You Shouldn't Do in Severe Weather TV All TV Personalities Experts Shows Livestream Coast Guard Cape Disappointment: Pacific Northwest sameWindow It All Begins with Weather sameWindow Catching Hell sameWindow Weather Center Live Sign In Alerts My Profile Weather.com Gold Manage Locations Manage Alerts Edit Profile Sign Out Desktop App International Sites Manage Alerts Manage All Locations Measurements °F°C°F°C WeatherInsights®: The Weather Channel Blog Recent Entries | Archive | About This Blog February 4, 2011 Thundersnow Add this to: Dr. Greg Forbes, Severe Weather Expert There have been quite a few thundersnow events this winter. An example is the recent thundersnow in Chicago that surprised Jim Cantore. Thundersnow is a snowstorm event in which thunder and lightning occur. Thunderstorms accompanied by snow are usually of a different character than the "normal" thunderstorm. The latter are usually rather tall, narrow storms containing a rising updraft of warm, moist air that has risen in a layer from near the surface that may go upward to 40,000 feet or more. Temperatures at the surface are usually well above freezing. Snowstorms, by contrast, are mostly associated with rather extensive layers of flat, relatively shallow cloud. Precipitation in the clouds is usually formed below 20,000 feet, as sketched in the diagram below. Upward and downward motions in ordinary snowstorms are rather gentle. The exception is lake effect snow, where the clouds are created by heating of air moving over relatively warm lakes. Lake effect snowstorms have narrow clouds shaped more like ordinary thunderstorms, and actually sometimes develop thunder and lightning. Most thundersnow events develop when "ordinary" flat, layered snow clouds develop upward bumps or "turrets", as illustrated below. They rise upward above the rest of the flat snow cloud by about 5,000 feet. These turrets can develop when there is some strong lifting mechanism around the 20,000 foot level, such as an approaching strong mid- and upper-level trough. Winds with the upper trough bring in colder air aloft, and the lifting also cools the layer. Air cools as it rises. When the air above the initial cloud layer was rather cool and dry, and when the added cooling and lifting is strong, a shallow layer just above the original flat cloud can become unstable. This makes it favorable for elevated convection -- showers or thunderstorms. The rising turret is the result, containing vigorous upward and also some downward motions. There is usually more than one turret that forms in these conditions. There can be bands or a checkerboard pattern of turrets present. When the unstable layer develops where the temperature is about -10 to -20 Celsius (14 to -4F), conditions are favorable for both snowflakes and small hailstones (called graupel) to form. As these different particles interact, electrical charges can develop. It's a similar process to developing static electricity when you slide your leather shoes across a wool rug. Stick out a pointing finger and watch the spark fly when you touch a metal object or another person! In the cloud case, that spark is lightning. Sometimes it's cloud-to-ground (as depicted below) and often it's quasi-horizontal within the cloud. That deeper cloud gives a deeper layer in which snow can form, and those stronger upward motions inside the turret can condense snowflakes from the rising moist air at very high rates. So the same process that creates the electrification can also create a burst of heavy snow and sometimes small hail pellets (graupel) resembling sleet. Lightning is a current of electricity that travels in a burst between objects of different (or dramatically less) charge. One charge center forms inside the turbulent motions of different kinds of precipitation (snowflakes and graupel) in the turrets. The areas of the snow clouds not having turrets will have a different charge (or no charge), and the ground will have a different charge (or no charge). So when the turret builds up enough charge, lightning will develop. This electrification process is actually thought to be the same as in "ordinary" thunderstorms. The same temperature regime (about -10 to -20C) is key, as is the presence of both snowflakes and graupel. And then lightning travels to areas of drastically different charge. But the "driving mechanism" is different. Thundersnow develops when it's below freezing at the surface and it isn't near-surface air that rises all the way into the tall thunderstorm top. The instability is in only a shallow layer aloft. In thundersnow, the "action" mainly takes place in a rather shallow layer that is usually near 20,000 feet and only around 5,000 feet thick. In the case of the Chicago thundersnow, a colleague (Tom Warner) tells me that most of the lightning bolts went upward between the tall buildings and the charge centers inside the cloud turrets. Those tall buildings with the antennae on top are effective ways to bring the near-surface charge closer to the turret charge center. This makes them favored as targets for the developing cloud-to-ground (or ground to cloud) lightning. Posted at 2:31 pm ET Comments (0) | Permanent Link Comments on this entry (17) I love thundersnow. I have only witnessed 4 times in my life. My main question is has ANYONE ever been struck by lightning/injured in a thundersnow event? I asked Jim Cantore on Twitter. He told me it is possible. I am just wondering if there hs been any documented cloud to ground lightning strikes via thundersnow events? Or even just a great pic of cloud to ground lightning in thubdersnow? Posted by Stan Jasinski | October 30, 2011 Thundersnow can occur when temperatures are either, most commonly below freezing(usually in the 20's or lower 30's; up to about 32 degrees) with a heavy accumulating snowfall), or occasionally above freezing(33 degrees or higher; mid or upper 30's or rarely around 40 degrees) in which a heavy melting wet snow falls, melting on contact as it reaches the ground, only accumulating on grassy surfaces if heavy enough, and the lightning is usually more vivid then. Posted by Richard E | March 4, 2011 Anna - the storm track went to your east for some of the storms, and then to your north for others. Probably your location was in the area that got clobbered the worst in the winter of 2009-2010. Posted by greg forbes | February 14, 2011 Temperature was 34 and dropped two degrees in 15 minutes. Not quite as big a surprise that Jim Cantore got in Chicago; but we were inside. 8pm EST air temp at 30. Posted by ruthannos CHAN | February 14, 2011 Sorry, this isn't about Thundersnow, but living in Northern Indiana I have experienced it several times. This comment is about your piece on "Cryosiesms" or mini earthquakes in the soil. Here in Indiana and throughout the midwest we call them "potholes". They do nasty things to one's vehicle tires and suspension systems. Posted by Paul Thomas | February 12, 2011 Anna, I checked my weather models and there appears to be a global warming low pressure system hovering above Rockbridge county. As soon as Al Gore gets enough "green" money into his account...or until enough electric cars populate the highways, that systme will plague Rockbridge Co. Sorry. Posted by The Perfessor | February 11, 2011 we had thundersnow on feb 5th from about 9 pm till close to 11pm it was very very bright lightning and very loud thunder a few times it would be three flashes of lightning and then the same for thunder all in a row the thunder rattles windows and it also had pretty good hail during it also ! i recorded a video but it wouldnt let me load it on the main video blog ! Posted by Nicholas desjardins | February 10, 2011 Three strikes of lightning in altona new york during snowmagedon, happened around 9 at night with temperatures around 30 degrees Posted by cameron | February 9, 2011 How has Virginia (Rockbridge County) dodged all of this snow this year... It's a blessing and a curse! We would love some snow! Posted by Anna | February 8, 2011 To capture thunderstorms on video is one thing...but to see Thundersnow is something else. Now 100% of the public you ask know what Thunder during a snow storm is after they watch the Video of Jim. I wonder what it would have been before that? Chances are about 15%. Posted by Joshua | February 6, 2011 Rome NY 6:20pm EST we experiences six lightning flashes followed by thunder. Temperature was 34 and dropped two degrees in 15 minutes. Not quite as big a surprise that Jim Cantore got in Chicago; but we were inside. 8pm EST air temp at 30. Posted by ninagirl13 | February 5, 2011 OMG! We had Thunder Snow in Renovo (PA) We (my husband & I) were actually up on Summerson Mountain, North Bend, PA - and we heard the thunder and saw maybe two flashes of lighting. Not sure if the lighting went up or came down, we just took cover! It was around 2:00pm. There was also more hail than snow falling at the time. Posted by Karen Guizar | February 5, 2011 Thundersnow in Rome, NY today -Feb. 5th from 6pm to 7pm!! Posted by Brian Monahan | February 5, 2011 I am so tired of the weather channel. First off, two days ago it called for PM showers... No we did have AM flurries, no showers. Then yesterday it called for NO snow, and we had PM flurries. Now today we are calling for snow flurries then showers in the afternoon... We shall see.... Posted by Jazmjuhn | February 5, 2011 This happened in the early 80's in Searcy County, Arkansas. I can't remember the exact year, but I remember what a spectacular sight it was with lightning in the snowstorm. I remember, too, that it was on the warm side, something like 38 degrees on the thermometer outside. Seemed too warm for it too be snowing. Posted by Jane | February 4, 2011 The thundersnow event in Chicago was really bright flashes of lightning accompanied by thunder which was delayed by quite a few seconds. Sorry you weren't here to experience it, or that we weren't on the roof of Hinds Geophysical Sciences at the time. But I bet it was darned cold on the roof of Hinds then. . . Posted by Dr. Donna Prestel | February 4, 2011 That was Very Interesting Some things in this Biography I didn't know I would like to know more About Snowstorms, Thundersnow, Thunderstorms, Hurricanes, And Tornados please but I would like to know more Interesting things Please Posted by Mya | February 4, 2011 The Weather Channel Alerts Get weather alerts by e-mail and on your mobile phone Severe Weather Extreme Heat Rain Pollen Daily Forecasts, and more! Get a phone call with severe weather voice alerts. Try Notify! free for a week. WeatherREADY Be prepared, make sure your family is ready to weather the storm. What to do if a Winter Storm Watch or Warning Is Issued Get Your Home Winter Storm-Ready Today Winter-ize Your Car The Weather Channel Coast Guard Florida Patrol the turbulent waters of the Sunshine State with the brave men and women of the Coast Guard! Wednesdays @ 8/9c See Preview TV Home | Schedule | Personalities   Search Site Search Web Connect With Us Company Support Feedback Careers Press Room Advertise With Us Advertise- Self Service Explore Storm Encyclopedia Weather Glossary Sitemap © 1995-2014. The Weather Channel, LLC weather.com® Licensed by TRUSTe Terms of Use Privacy Policy Parental Controls Ad Choices Georgia Org Accessibility Tools
