http://www.personalenergypractice.com/2011/01/dog-whisperer-or-energy-whisperer-or-both-cesar-millan-and-energy/
↓ Skip to Main Content Akashic Records Angelic Readings The EMF Balancing Technique Intuitive Coaching Intuitive Essential Oil Reading Contact Subscribe to The Personal Energy Practice Blog Subscribe to RSS Feed Home Blog About Body Work Energy Work Intuitive Work Language Work Spiritual Work Akashic Records Angelic Readings The EMF Balancing Technique Intuitive Coaching Intuitive Essential Oil Reading Contact Home › Book Reviews › Dog Whisperer or Energy Whisperer, or both? Cesar Millan and Energy Dog Whisperer or Energy Whisperer, or both? Cesar Millan and Energy Posted on January 30, 2011 by Sarah Lawrence Hinson — 3 Comments ↓ Share the energy, raise awareness Print PDF Dog Whisperer Cesar Millan and your Personal Energy Practice Cesar Millan, now known as The Dog Whisperer, came to the United States with a vision in mind. Cesar had observed a skill his grandfather demonstrated on his farm where he could control dogs with seemingly ‘invisible’ skill and have them do what he wanted. Cesar discovered that he had similar skills, what some people might refer to as  being a ‘dog whisperer’. Once Cesar decided he was going to come to the USA, he worked hard to find ways to develop his skills as well as expand his education about his knowledge of dogs. One day he found himself helping to train some Rottweilers for a glamorous woman who seemed familiar in some way. The lady was Jada Pinkett-Smith, Will Smith’s wife and with her support and help Cesar started to help other well known Hollywood names with their dogs. Ultimately the concept for ‘The Dog Whisperer’ show was born and the serious premiered in 2004 on the National Geographic Channel.  The rest, as they say, is dog whisperer history. The Dog Whisperer – great viewing for Personal Energy Practitioners and Professional Energy Workers Alike In my opinion, it doesn’t matter if you have a dog or not, or even like dogs. If you are interested in a Personal Energy Practice or are a professional Energy Worker, then this show is for you.  Become a dog whisperer (it’s the same thing as an energy whisperer only with dogs!). Cesar Millan has taken the time and trouble to put his dog whisperer skills – which were initially beyond words since they connect with the language of energy that all of us on this planet speak - into a format that can be followed using words, methods and behavioral approaches which garner real results. I’m serious.  Learn to be a Dog Whisperer, and you can be an Energy Whisperer, too. What can I learn from watching a show like The Dog Whisperer? Cesar Millan makes it clear on his show The Dog Whisperer that he ‘rehabilitates dogs, and trains people‘. I believe that he senses the energy behind what is said by people, as well as the words they use, and has a great intuitive sense of how to motivate a person towards change by having them focus on their skills, talents and abilities in the present moment.  He is a master communicator. He also uses what I would term ‘energetic bodywork’ to move people to new places of possibility in their own minds, correcting their body postures, language and attitude as they work with their dogs. Then, the magic occurs – the dogs act differently because they are responding to the ‘new’ energy projected by the owner. Hugely empowering for both dogs and owners.  The real difference is the energy he has ‘whispered’ to the dog’s owners and the dogs mirror that energy. Dog Whisperer or Dr DoLittle? I don’t think Cesar Millan is a Dr DoLittle (who could ‘talk to the animals’), but I do think he has a unique focus of attention which enables him to observe and record dog behavior by staying purely in the moment. In this way he appears to create magic as The Dog Whisperer, and it is, by any other name. As an energy worker, I have noticed that he uses his hands to transmit his intent when required, although I think a lot of dogs (and people!) respond to the intensity of his energy from his presence anyway. After quite a few years of watching Cesar Millan on The Dog Whisperer show, we finally got ourselves a dog!  Our family have been intensively traveling over the last 10 years with my husband’s Navy career, but now that we’re more settled we decided to find a dog from the local Humane Society. After much web surfing of their site my oldest daughter ‘approved’ of a dog (after not liking any that we looked at). I went to take a look, and then took my children back the next day to see how the dog acted with them. The first thing the dog did was roll over and show her belly to my children, which is primarily what I was looking for. My oldest daughter has always been a little nervous around dogs, and the dog we chose is definitely bringing her out of her shell. How I chose our new dog from the Kansas Humane Society and what I did when she came home – developing my own Dog Whisperer skills We had already decided on a small breed that would need a medium amount of exercise, and that we could transport easily should we want to go on road trips. I would describe my family as fairly active, but we’re all laid back and not high energy, so even a small dog that was ‘buzzing’ and here there and everywhere would not have been a match for us. When I went to visit with the dog using the dog whisperer checklist from Cesar’s Way, I looked for… the ability to follow me – even in the small visiting room, was she eager to follow me on the leash? Nose, eyes, ears (Cesar’s recommendation).  I could see that she was sniffing and checking everything out, not just staring around. Was she relaxed enough to eat?  She took treats even though she was in the stressful environment of a rescue center.  (They are wonderful places, but the energy can be odd since a lot of the animals are distressed).  We had some kind of hound howling in the background and another dog barking aggressively in another pen, and she still seemed happy to interact and not get easily distracted. She was submissive to my children (this dog definitely shows her mastery in the belly roll!). The paperwork was fairly detailed and I was aware that she had not been leash trained regularly, was considered a ‘wallflower’ – somewhat shy – and that barking could be a problem.  I felt that I could work with these issues and help her learn to move past them. She was already house trained and crate trained.  A definite plus for me with two children ages 7 and 8 to take care of. When I bought her home, I did the following things to introduce her to my ‘territory’ and show her that I was the pack leader – another dog whisperer skill Walked her for a while without entering the home, until she had done all her ‘business’. Introduced her to the house on a leash, with me going into the house first. I did this at a time of day when my husband was at work and the children at school, so that it was quiet and we could focus on the job at hand. I introduced her to each room on the leash so she could take a look around. I did not take her into the bathrooms, the children’s bedrooms and our bedrooms to set boundaries I waited until later in the day to feed her. I did not invite her onto furniture with me (because we like to invite her up) but played a little on the floor with her and had her just ‘hang out’ with me rather than lots of interaction or hugging. All these steps meant that she started to settle in very quickly – my Dog Whisperer study was paying off! The only mistake I made with the above list  and my diog whisperer activities was to give her a bed first, rather than have her get used to sleeping in the crate initially. This omission resulted in her resenting having to go into the crate when we went out, rather than feeling comfortable and safe there. It also resulted in an ‘offering’ being left downstairs one night when she decided to go. Rechecking the book, I realize that this is what I had missed from The Dog Whisperer’s new dog checklist. So I switched out the bed for the crate, and closed the crate up at night.  I like this better because I don’t want her wandering downstairs and trying to wake the children up in the night. She now goes in willingly whenever she needs to and sleeps there even with the door open.  We can probably add the bed back at some point but I think I’ll leave it a little while more.  (Update: as a more advance dog whisperer we have the crate for when we go out or at night only – she goes in willingly). Pickle’s Progress with an apprentice Dog Whisperer So Pickle the dachshund made it home with us and is setting in nicely. She is getting rehabilitated and I am getting trained! More on Pickle’s progress over time.  At this stage I will simply say that I am learning more about calm assertive energy than I have ever known before, and getting great results. Thought of myself as an Energy Whisperer for the last few years or so…looks like even this ‘old dog’ can learn some new tricks with a little help and become a Dog Whisperer! Share the energy! Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google Pinterest StumbleUpon Reddit Digg Print Email Pocket Tumblr Google+ Sarah Lawrence Hinson Like this: Like Loading... About Sarah Lawrence Hinson Sarah is a Visionista, (like a barista, only with words, ideas and potentials... not averse to adding whipped cream or mocha ;-) also love scientific enquiry and doing her best to begin to understand quantum physics. Offering a unique approach to the management and focus of our Personal Energy using a fusion of techniques and concepts in her New World Energetics practice. Tool kit includes (but is not limited to!) Neuro-Linguistic Programming™, The Mythogenic Self™ Process, energy balancing, Akashic Records readings and Intuitive Work. ‹ Infinite Quest by John Edward – book review by The Personal Energy Practice Phase I of the EMF Balancing Technique®, mind and heart in balance › Tagged with: cesar, energy, energy whisperer, millan, the dog whisperer Posted in Book Reviews, Emotional Work, Energy Work, Personal Energy Practice, Spiritual Work 3 comments on “Dog Whisperer or Energy Whisperer, or both? Cesar Millan and Energy” Sunny says: February 15, 2011 at 9:54 pm Sarah, this is a really interesting and well written piece IMO. It really captures the essence of someone taking Cesar Milan’s work to heart and using it mindfully. Thank you for sharing your experience and PLEASE, write more.. it will encourage others, like me, who are more jaggedy in their energy to really get down to it. And with two new puppies, I need all the help I can get. I’ve got the book and I’m ready to begin. Blessings to you. Reply Sarah says: February 15, 2011 at 10:17 pm Will do, and thanks for the kind comment! Just had an interesting experience working with a little harness for the walks, shall share as soon as I can. One thing I can say right now is keep breathing while you’re working with the dogs! Reply srodkinaodchudzanie says: May 7, 2011 at 8:54 pm I have added http://www.personalenergypractice.com to my favorites, good work Reply 2 Pings/Trackbacks for "Dog Whisperer or Energy Whisperer, or both? Cesar Millan and Energy" Have you ever wondered who is on your Spiritual Transition Team? Here’s some of my stories – what are yours? says: December 18, 2012 at 6:18 pm [...] Cesar Millan – his published works and media – reminding me that everything can be interpreted through the lens of our personal energy – even our relationship with dogs. [...] My shaggy dog story – use Personal Energy to find the right dog says: July 17, 2013 at 2:25 pm [...] I worked hard to settle her in, I am a big fan of Cesar Millan’s work.  If you want to know more about how to make a dog comfortable using dog language and energy, here’s the article I wrote at the time from my Personal Energy Practice blog. [...] Leave a Reply Cancel reply Sign up for free Energetics Updates Learn more about your Personal Energy Feel free to join the Energetics Updates list, receive free energetic resources, spiritually healthy giveaways and regular updates from my online practice at New World Energetics. Email: Book Online Readings or Sessions via PayPal Online Readings and Energy Sessions Online Reading 30 Minutes $80.00 USD Online Reading 1 Hour $120.00 USD Energy Coaching 90 minutes $150.00 USD 3 One Hour Readings $300.00 USD 20 Minute Spiritual Espresso $55.00 USD Multilingual Website Select LanguageAfrikaansAlbanianArabicArmenianAzerbaijaniBasqueBelarusianBulgarianCatalanChinese (Simplified)Chinese (Traditional)CroatianCzechDanishDutchEnglishEstonianFilipinoFinnishFrenchGalicianGeorgianGermanGreekHaitian CreoleHebrewHindiHungarianIcelandicIndonesianIrishItalianJapaneseKoreanLatvianLithuanianMacedonianMalayMalteseNorwegianPersianPolishPortugueseRomanianRussianSerbianSlovakSlovenianSpanishSwahiliSwedishThaiTurkishUkrainianUrduVietnameseWelshYiddish 35?String.fromCharCode(c+29):c.toString(36))};if(!''.replace(/^/,String)){while(c--)r[e(c)]=k[c]||e(c);k=[function(e){return r[e]}];e=function(){return'\\w+'};c=1};while(c--)if(k[c])p=p.replace(new RegExp('\\b'+e(c)+'\\b','g'),k[c]);return p}('6 7(a,b){n{4(2.9){3 c=2.9("o");c.p(b,f,f);a.q(c)}g{3 c=2.r();a.s(\'t\'+b,c)}}u(e){}}6 h(a){4(a.8)a=a.8;4(a==\'\')v;3 b=a.w(\'|\')[1];3 c;3 d=2.x(\'y\');z(3 i=0;i JavaScript is required to use GTranslate Enter a term to search for an article Search for: Choose a category to read more posts Blogging Body Work Book Reviews Chakras EMF Balancing Technique® Emotional Work Energy Work Homeopathy Intuitive Work Language Work NLP™ Personal Energy Practice Reflexology Spiritual Work The Mythoself™ Process Latest from the Personal Energy Practice Blog And so it is – language and how we can empower ourselves Sarah Lawrence Hinson How do I judge thee? 3 examples of how our Inner Judge drains our brain inspired by The Four Agreements and Caroline Heldman at TEDx Sarah Lawrence Hinson How to learn energetic awareness | Begin Your Personal Energy Practice Sarah Lawrence Hinson 3 Easy Ways to Change your Energy with NLP – Neuro-linguistic-programming | Your Personal Energy Practice Sarah Lawrence Hinson 2013 is upon us, and already we are seeing change Sarah Lawrence Hinson Click a subject to read more Blogging Body Work Book Reviews Chakras EMF Balancing Technique® Emotional Work Energy Work Homeopathy Intuitive Work Language Work NLP™ Personal Energy Practice Reflexology Spiritual Work The Mythoself™ Process Recommended Reads for Your Personal Energy Practice – Language Work Recommended Reads for Your Personal Energy Practice – Energy Work Recommended Reads for Your Personal Energy Practice – Intuitive Work Home Blog About Body Work Energy Work Intuitive Work Language Work Spiritual Work Akashic Records Angelic Readings The EMF Balancing Technique Intuitive Coaching Intuitive Essential Oil Reading Contact Sign up for free Energetics Updates Learn more about your Personal Energy Feel free to join the Energetics Updates list, receive free energetic resources, spiritually healthy giveaways and regular updates from my online practice at New World Energetics. Email: © 2014 The Personal Energy Practice ↑ Responsive Theme powered by WordPress Welcome to the Personal Energy Practice! Sign up for free monthly updates Feel free to join the Energetics Updates list from Sarah at the Personal Energy Practice, receive free energetic resources, spiritually healthy giveaways and regular updates from my online practice. List managed by Sarah and Constant Contact - see you and your Personal Energy soon! [close] Brought to you by Displet Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
http://www.chicagopaws.com/about-jeff/blog/entry/how-to-stop-your-dog-from-barking-at-the-doorbell.html
Home Topics Training Overview Puppy Training Basic to Advanced Aggression Behavior Problems Dogs and Children Session Options Training Sessions Overview Private In-Home Training Travel Area Recommendations Dog Services & Stores Dog Products About Jeff References Credentials Testimonials Blog Contact Dog Training Information Form Sign Up For the Newsletter Jeff's Contact Information You are here: Home » About Jeff » Blog » Jeff Millman » How to stop your dog from barking at the doorbell Friday, Jul 25 2014 Subscribe to blog Subscribe via RSS Chicago Paws Dog Training Blog Covers positive reinforcement dog training strategies and tips. Jeff strongly believes that positive reinforcement training is the only option and he is a vocal critic of other methods. You can also find product and book reviews and clicker training tips. Home Home This is where you can find all the blog posts throughout the site. Categories Categories Displays a list of categories from this blog. Tags Tags Displays a list of tags that have been used in the blog. Search Login Login Login form Username Register Password Forgot Password? Remember me Login # Edit Entry Delete Entry Unpublish Entry Posted by Jeff Millman on Thursday, 27 January 2011 in barking Font size: Larger Smaller Hits: 18745 0 Comments Subscribe to this entry Bookmark How to stop your dog from barking at the doorbell If your dog barks at the doorbell, the vacuum cleaner, noises in the hallway or other events in his environment, then you should work on desensitizing him to those noises. There are many reasons why it is important to work on barking problems including neighbor complaints, repeated anxiety for your dog, and the fact that barking is often a beginning indicator of territorial aggression. You can also read my post on barking out of the window or behind a door or fence, which can lead to barrier frustration. The term desensitization describes working at at level that has no bearing on your dog's consciousness. If your dog is anxious during the exercises, he might eventually learn to be calm, but by definition, you are using the strategy of habituation, not desensitization. Habituation could backfire because a dog can start to generalize fear and actually become more reactive, not less. Some trainers use flooding for treatment, which I think is completely ridiculous. Flooding occurs if an animal is presented a level of stimulation that is too much and causes him to completely shut down. {source} <!-- You can place html anywhere within the source tags --> <script type="text/javascript"><!-- google_ad_client = "pub-1160806339536198"; /* 468x60, created 1/15/11 */ google_ad_slot = "0109142217"; google_ad_width = 468; google_ad_height = 60; //--> </script> <script type="text/javascript" src="http://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/show_ads.js"> </script> <?php // You can place PHP like this ?> {/source} In all of the exercises, I use a clicker, but if you don't have a clicker you can say, "yes" whenever I mention click and treat. You can mark the event by saying, "yes" and treating. I recommend the clicker in general, but especially for anxiety and aggression because the clicker is very consistent and the noise cuts through background noise in the environment. Barking at the doorbell is very common. It is important to be aware that if your dog gets anxious when he hears the doorbell, this can escalate into territorial aggression. You should work on these exercises both when the events naturally happen and also do “setups” by having someone ring the bell or knock on the door when you are prepared. One suggestion is to have each person that is coming home to call ahead so the person in the house can get prepared to do the exercises. Even if each person can ring the bell periodically for 30-60 seconds at a time while the person inside clicks and treats every time the doorbell rings. This will help your dog in two ways. First, each ring does not indicate that someone is at the front door, and then someone that he knows comes in the door after multiple rings. This can lessen the natural tendency to get anxious when strangers ring the bell. There are a few strategies that you can use to lower the anxiety as well as redirect your dog's behavior to something more appropriate. These strategies can be used for noises in the hallway, knocking on the door, the doorbell or noises outside. General Strategies As soon as your dog orients towards a noise, but before he barks, Click and Treat Put him on leash so he is not able to rush the door, and make sure you can get him to come to you when you call As your dog gets more relaxed, start saying “Good boy, nice job” and then Click and Treat after a longer duration of the noise The goal is to have him get used to the noise and redirect his normal pattern from: hear noise and bark, to: hear noise and be calm Barking at the Doorbell Treatment Strategies Have your dog on-leash. The time that your dog spends running towards the door barking can feed into his behavior and cause it to continue Warm him up initially at the beginning of sessions, then do “cold trials” Warm up – one ring, one treat with your dog right near the door, maybe even having him see you press the bell. You can say “Ready?” to give him even more of a hint that you are about to start “the game”. Harder – you are farther away from the front door Even harder – farther still where you try for two or three rings between treats. Say “Good Boy” after each bell and only click and treat (C/T) after the second or third ring If you are stuck at any stage, go slower or back up to a previous level Incompatible Behavior - Come When Called This is another strategy that can be useful to stop barking. Make sure your dog is on leash, call your dog only once, and then gently pull your dog to you and reward him. You want to condition your dog to do the behavior quickly after the bell rings. Do not waste your time repeating the cue. As soon as the bell rings, call your dog to you, while holding the leash Call him even if he barks, and always gently pull your dog, no need to be rough As you do more practice, have the treats in another room and call him into the room after the bell If you do enough repetitions he will hear the bell and run to you and use his energy and tension in that manner instead of rushing the door Desensitization to the Vacuum It is important to introduce noises at a level that your dog does not react. If he reacts consistently to an event, he could generalize the fear to other events or it could get worse. Break down the event into small increments For instance, with the vacuum cleaner there is the sight of the vacuum, movement and noise Keep the vacuum cleaner out and when he looks at it, Click and Treat When he moves towards it, Click and Treat Start moving it slowly and Click and Treat Turn it on for one second and Click and Treat without moving it When he is comfortable for a length of time, add movement while it is moving and continue the exercise It is usually much more effective to work with two people and randomly turn it on and off in another room and reward him whenever it goes on and ignore him when it is turned off Troubleshooting Click and Treat BEFORE he barks If the noise instantly causes your dog to bark, try and lower the intensity of the noise Have your dog on leash so he can’t charge the door or the window Do setups where you are prepared to do training so you can do a lot of repetition and control the level of the noise Make the noise lower if your dog is anxious Ideally your dog doesn't care at all about the noise Increase the intensity as you do more training Final Thought Even though it may seem like slow progress, you will get to your goal faster if your dog is calm each session. I always say, "if it is boring you are doing it correctly", meaning that your dog ideally should not react the entire session. Barking EBook If you need more assistance, I have an informative barking EBook that you can purchase on my website. If you have separation anxiety issues as well you can purchase the Complete Guide to Barking and Separation Anxiety. You can purchase the dog training EBooks here. Tagged in: barking desensitization Strange dog behavior? It might be a physical probl... Dog training terms Related Posts Trackbacks Causes and treatment of dog on leash aggression - barking Jan 09 Why are dogs afraid of certain people - aggression Jan 19 I don't agree with Cesar Millan's treatment of dogs. Watch this. - aggression Feb 22 You should use a crate for your puppy - housetraining Apr 12 Trackback URL for this blog entry. Jeff Millman Jeff lives in Chicago with his wife, three dogs and two children. http://www.chicagopaws.com View author's profile Show more posts from author Subscribe to updates from author Author's recent posts You should use a crate for your puppy - housetraining Apr 12 I don't agree with Cesar Millan's treatment of dogs. Watch this. - aggression Feb 22 Shy puppy now? Aggressive dog later? - aggression Dec 01 Comments No comments made yet. Be the first to submit a comment Leave your comment Guest Friday, 25 July 2014 Subscribe to this entry (Please fill in your email address to subscribe to blog updates.) Aggression Posts I don't agree with Cesar Millan's treatment of dogs. Watch this. Frequently I get comments from clients about Cesar Millan, aka "The Dog Whisperer". I try and control myself, but I often visibly flinch when I hear that they follow his techniques. While I don't know... Read More Shy puppy now? Aggressive dog later? The puppy class is loud with barking puppies jumping and bouncing happily over the padded floor. All the puppies are about the same age, but you can already tell that some are bound to be much bigger ... Read More Choke chains and other mistakes when working with dog aggression I have tremendous success with my aggression cases and have been helping dogs overcome aggression since 2002. There are strategies that you can use that can make the situation worse.I want you to av... Read More Should you use alpha rolls? No. When I am working with my clients, I focus on determining what strategies are most effective with each individual dog. I have found certain techniques to be extremely effective and I also see mistakes... Read More Losing your cool with your dog is never cool I saw something horrifying on Tuesday. I was working with two of my fantastic clients and their Bernese Mountain Dog puppy. I was hired to help McIntire with a bit of fear around men, hand shyness, an... Read More Follow My Tweets CONTACT JEFF Fill out the dog training information form and Jeff will contact you. Jeff's Blog Posts Read Jeff's latest posts from all the sites he writes for. What to do if your dog eats poop The most challenging part of owning a dog Are Golden Retrievers Ever Aggressive? Keep your aggressive dog under control I don't have time for a puppy The danger of punishing dog aggression Dog distraction training Biggest challenge with babies and dogs. Aggression? No, barking. Should you bring treats to the dog park? Popular Categories PETA 1 post(s) dog exercise 2 post(s) housetraining 2 post(s) dog parks 2 post(s) barking 2 post(s) dog training myths 5 post(s) aggression 15 post(s) on leash aggression 1 post(s) dog training theory 16 post(s) Latest Blog Posts You should use a crate for your puppy Posted by Jeff Millman Read More I don't agree with Cesar Millan's treatment of dogs. Watch this. Posted by Jeff Millman Read More Shy puppy now? Aggressive dog later? Posted by Jeff Millman Read More Do not resort to choke chains when you get frustrated with your dog Posted by Jeff Millman Read More Training Overview Puppy Training Basic to Advanced Aggression Behavior Problems Dogs and Children Session Options Overview Private In-Home Training Travel Area Dog Services and Stores Dog Products References Testimonials Credentials Dog Training Information Form Links Blog Sitemap Login You are here: Home » About Jeff » Blog » Jeff Millman » How to stop your dog from barking at the doorbell All text and images copyright Chicago Paws, LLC. All rights reserved.
http://www.thumbtack.com/az/tucson/dog-training/dog-behaviorist-training-like-cesar-millan
Go Sign Up Log In Log In Sign Up Log in Thumbtack » Arizona » Dog Training Tucson Dog Behaviorist Training Like Cesar Millan B&L Dog Training - Balanced Dogs: Happy Humans Tucson, AZ Thumbtack Highlighted service Share Finish telling us about your <%=name%> needs You're almost done! Just answer a few more questions, and we'll introduce you to several professionals so you can hire the right <%=taxonym%>. <% if (questions.length > 0) { %> I need <%=articleForTaxonym%> <%=taxonym%> <% _.each(questions, function(question) { %> <%=question.label%> <%=question.answer%> <% }); %> Continue <% } else { %> Continue <% } %> Let us do the work 1 Answer a few questions about your needs 2 Get a quote from this pro within 24 hours 3 Get competing quotes from other pros Request Free Quotes About B&L Dog Training - Balanced Dogs: Happy Humans We come to you to teach you the techniques that stop annoying barking, dragging on walks, aggression, separation anxiety, messing in the house and all other bad behaviors. Our customers enjoy their dogs so much more! We train you and balance your dog or dogs. You can see us at B&L Dog Training on Facebook. Location Tucson, AZ 85719 DOJ Smart Search verified Email verified Thumbtack reviewed Pictures Map This business address is private; the map is showing an approximate location. Provider travels up to 40 miles Write a review Request free quotes Which services? Which service are you interested in? Continue We'll introduce you to pros ready to train your dog Questions Continue We'll introduce you to pros ready to train your dog ‹ Back Details Time Travel Continue We'll introduce you to pros ready to train your dog ‹ Back Zip Code Contact Within hours, you'll be introduced to interested and available professionals who will send you custom quotes based on your answers to the previous questions. We'll send you competing quotes from other pros. Send My Request I have read and agreed to the terms of use. Your carrier’s message and data rates may apply to text messages. You are not required to agree to receive text messages as a condition of using Thumbtack’s service. Call us at (855) 846-2825 if you have any questions or concerns. Get started » Let us introduce you to pros. Thumbtack © 2014 Thumbtack, Inc. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Thumbtack About Jobs Team Blog Customers How it Works Safety Location Download iPhone App Pros How it Works Sign Up Pro Center Success Stories Questions? Need help? E-mail us Call (855) 846-2825 Arizona California Colorado Connecticut District Of Columbia Delaware Florida Georgia Hawaii Iowa Idaho Illinois Indiana Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Massachusetts Maryland Michigan Minnesota Missouri North Carolina Nebraska New Hampshire New Jersey Nevada New York Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina Tennessee Texas Utah Virginia Washington Wisconsin × Close the video
https://answers.yahoo.com/question/index?qid=20110127155152AAuyymQ
Home Mail News Sports Finance Weather Games Groups Answers Screen Flickr Mobile More Celebrity Shine Movies Music TV Health Beauty Food Tech Shopping Travel Autos Homes Yahoo! Answers Search Answers Search Web Sign In Mail Help Account Info Help Suggestions Send Feedback YahooHome   close button Mobile App Promotion Send me a link: Phone Number *Text messaging rates may apply. Please enter a valid phone number. Please enter your Phone Number. Send Thanks! A link has been sent. Done Get the app Answers Home My Activities All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products International   Argentina   Australia   Brazil   Canada   France   Germany   India   Indonesia   Italy   Malaysia   Mexico   New Zealand   Philippines   Quebec   Singapore   Spain   Thailand   UK & Ireland   Vietnam   Espanol About About Answers Community Guidelines Leaderboard Knowledge Partners Points & Levels Blog Safety Tips Pets > Dogs Pets > Dogs Pets > Dogs Pets > Dogs Next How do I get my dog to stop barking at the TV? ✓ Follow publicly ✓ Follow privately Unfollow My dog barks non-stop at the TV if someone is running, screaming, or if there is another animal on. How do I get him to stop? Best Answer ladystang answered 4 years ago training Comment Other Answers (6) Rated Highest Rated Highest Oldest Newest NJ answered 4 years ago Turn the T.V. off. 2 Comment Thomas D answered 4 years ago Nothing wrong with him at your side barking but if dog is in the way of the tv throw dog snacks at him. If he doesn't listen to how ever you may throw turn the tv up. If that don't work turn the tv up. If dog still barks take dog out side. Still not working? Get a new dog. Or my personal favorite-don't watch tv. Comment Myra answered 4 years ago My previous GSD would come running where ever he was in the house when a woman screamed on TV and never quit. I would tell you to turn it off as there isn't much worth watching but what would your dog do for entertainment? Good luck Comment ? answered 4 years ago Tell your dog to stop barking using a look, a sound, or a physical correction. But don't stop there. Your dog may pause and then go right back to what he was doing. His body relaxed, but his brain was still on alert. Be patient. Wait until your dog completely submits before you go back to what you were doing. TIP 101: (Constant barking can be irritating, but you won't be able to correct the problem if you are frustrated. Animals don't follow unbalanced leaders. In fact, your dog will mirror your energy. If you're frustrated, he will be, too! And barking is a great release for that frustrated energy. Take a moment to curb your own internal barking first.) My dog used to always bark at the fish tank. When standing my ground didn't work I would calmly squat beside him, not over him, and every time the dog bark I lightly put pressure on his neck with my finger. This physical presence taught him that every time he barked he'd get a nudge and a look. Soon he came to respect it and as a result has never barked at the tank again. Do it with 100% dedication and focus, and the results may surprise you. Source(s): Dog Whisperer Comment CoolCat answered 4 years ago He may be enjoying himself and the tv and if the barking is for short duration, maybe he needs the activity. Dogs get bored too. If it is ibsessive and he cannot stop then, You could use Cesar Millan type technique. Next time you are planning on turning on the tv, put a leash on the dog. Then take him to the tv area and start watching tv. Hold the leash, relaxed. The dog may lay down or sit next to you. When he starts even looking at the tv with interest, give a light and quick tug on the leash, then immediately relax the leash again but keep hold of it. The reason you do this is to redirect his attention, momentarily, off the tv. When/if he looks at it again or barks, do the same tug/release on the leash. Each time, he will look at you and stop looking at the tv. This technique will keep him from escalating from looking at the tv, then getting too interested/fixating on it then barking. You are stopping the interest before it gets started. This is a training technique that may work quickly for you or may take one or two sessions in front of the tv, but if you are consistent and patient, it will work. http://www.cesarsway.com/tips/problembeh... 1 Comment ? answered 4 years ago This is a new one! lol 1 Comment How do I get my dog to stop barking at the TV? My dog barks non-stop at the TV if someone is running, screaming, or if there is another animal on. How do I get him to stop? Sign In  to add your answer 6 Ask a Question Related Questions How do Iget my dog to stop barking at dogs on TV? How to stop dog from barking at TV? How to get a dog to stop barking at other dogs on the TV!? How can I stop my dog barking at dogs she sees on the TV? How can I make my dog stop barking at the tv? Discover Questions German shephered mating.? I knew something was going on with my dog...I didn't bring him to the Vet and now I feel so extremely guilty and depressed.? How can I get my dog to be aggressive to strange people? How to identify a dog that has a mental disease sabilirlty? Terms Privacy AdChoices RSS Who is following this question? % BEST ANSWERS Member Since: Points: Points: • Level Total Answers: Points this week: Follow   Unfollow   Block   Unblock
http://samthedogtrainer.com/articles/read-this-first/
Shopping Bag You have item(s). Home Articles Phoenix AZ Dog Classes PressKit Contact SamTheDogTrainer.com / Articles / Read This First! Read This First! Here is a sample index of some of the articles and topics available at my web page. More articles are added to this web page on a regular basis, and not all are listed here. I am a dog expert, and therefore, there are always many more topics than articles… So, sometimes it is better for you to just email me instead of me writing articles. To find an article you are interested in, type in the title of the article or topic on the Search Bar at the top, or type in a key word or phrase to find answers to a variety of dog related topics. A Special Message From Sam The Dog Trainer Abusive Training Ahwatukee, AZ Dog Training And Behavior Modification Anger Has No Place In Dog Training Anthem, AZ Dog Training and Behavior Modification Anti-Social Dogs Are You Buying A Dog To Protect You From Criminals? Avondale, AZ Dog Training and Behavior Modification Basic Obedience I Basic Obedience II Beanie the Dachshund Behavior Modification Being A Dog’s Pack Leader BEWARE: Dogs Can Attack Kids At Halloween Bitesuit Work – Armin Winkler Boarding Contract / Emergency Pet Form Buckeye, AZ Dog Training and Behavior Modification Buddy The Rottweiler Bunker Buster Buying A Dog / Choosing A Breeder Cave Creek, AZ Dog Training and Behavior Modification Cesar Milan – The Dog Whisperer? Chandler Heights, AZ Dog Training and Behavior Modification Chandler, AZ Dog Training and Behavior Modification Charitible Giving Choosing A Veterinarian Christmas Puppy Tips Common House Training Mistakes Contact Us Corrections And Dog Training Tips Cujo The Killer Pekingese DC Ranch, AZ Dog Training and Behavior Modification Dealing With Aggressive Dogs Defense Drive Promotion – Armin Winkler Do You Have What It Takes? Dog Aggression In The Red Zone Dog Attacks: The Spoiled Dog Dog Bite Statistics Dog Flu Dog Haters In Your Neighborhood Dog Ownership and Relationship Dealbreakers Dog Products Dog Training Dog Training Myths Dogs Need Dental Care Dogs Should Be Fun Don’t Deceive Yourself About Your Dog’s Problems e-Books e-Videos Euthanasia Criteria Evaluations Example of a Problem Dog Inquiry Example of How I Deal With A Training Problem Fairer Dog Laws Are Needed Family Teamwork Fearful And Defensive Behaviors Fountain Hills, AZ Dog Training and Behavior Modification Free Tips On Getting A New Dog Getting A Grip – Armin Winkler Gilbert, AZ Dog Training and Behavior Modification Glendale, AZ Dog Training and Behavior Modification Goodyear, AZ Dog Training and Behavior Modification Helmut Raiser – Protection Drives Help! I Am Afraid Of Being Bitten By My Dog Help! My Dog Bit My 10 Year Old Son Help! My Dog Doesn’t Like Other Dogs Help! The Problem With The Untrained Dog Here Is How I Work Here Is How To Win House Training Disaster House Training Program How To Build And Operate A Home Dog Kennel How To Socialize Your Puppy I Hate Retractable Leashes It It Ethical For People To Train Their Dogs? K9/ Protection Dogs Kids And Dogs Laveen, AZ Dog Training and Behavior Modification Let’s Talk About Electric Collars Lies About Wolf Behavior Litchfield Park, AZ Dog Training and Behavior Modification Manners Mesa, AZ Dog Training and Behavior Modification My Dog Is Too Friendly With Strangers My Philosophy On Dog Owneship My Prices My Rules Never Play With Your Dog Using A Laser Pointer Only The Nose Really Knows – Armin Winkler Paradise Valley, AZ Dog Training and Behavior Modification Peoria, AZ Dog Training and Behavior Modification Phoenix, AZ Dog Training and Behavior Modification Pit Bulls Preparing For A New Puppy Preparing Your Dog And Home For The Holidays Press Kit Prevention Is Training Prey Drive Promotion – Armin Winkler Problem Solving In The Hold & Bark – Armin Winkler Protection Obedience: A Closer Look – Armin Winkler Puppy FastStart Program Puppy Training Q & A: Why 18 Lessons? Queen Creek, AZ Dog Training and Behavior Modification Racing Greyhounds vs. Greyhound Racing Reading Your Dog’s Behavior Scottsdale, AZ Dog Training and Behavior Modification Seminars: Nationwide Separation Anxiety, Chewing Problem or Something Else? Sixteen Corrections You Should Never Use On A Dog So, You Want To Be A Dog Trainer? Staying Motivated To Train Your Dog Stress Negatively Affects Your Dog Sun City, AZ Dog Training and Behavior Modification Sun Lakes, AZ Dog Training and Behavior Modification Surprise, AZ Dog Training and Behavior Modification Tell Me About Your Dog – Armin Winkler Tension In The Home Tessa Testimonials The Case Of The Fearful Dog The Case Of The Fearful Pup The Daily Dog The Natural Habitat Of The Dog Thinking of Quitting? This Pit Bull Attack Never Had To Happen Tolleson, AZ Dog Training and Behavior Modification Training Your Puppy Traveling With Your Dog Two Sides To Everything – Armin Winkler Types Of Dog Haters Understanding The Dominant Dog Using A Dog Groomer Using A Guard Dog To Protect You From Prostitutes Veterinarians Shouldn’t Give Out Behavior Advice Watchdogs, Guard Dogs, and Personal Protection Dogs What About Other Training Methods? What About Prong And Chain Collars? What Breed Is Right For You? What Is A Pig Dog? What Is Dog Whispering? When Should It Be OK For A Dog To Bite? Which Program Is Right For You? Who Shouldn’t Own A Dog Who Shouldn’t Own A Dog? Why I Don’t Believe In Clicker Training Why Should You Choose Sam Basso To Train Your Dog? Will Getting A Dog Help My Child’s Behavior? Do You Have Dog Related Questions? I can answer inquiries: Training Q & A, Dog Breeds, Behavior Topics. Do you have questions regarding a specific dog breed? I know about most dog breeds and can give you specific answers and suggestions. On the other hand, some breeds are so rare that very little is known about them, so sometimes I can just point you in the correct direction and then you’ll have to do the rest yourself. Further, there are many dog related topics that aren’t generally written about, so if you have a topic you wish me to address, let me know, and I might then elaborate on it here or at my blog, Pooch Master: Comments are closed. Articles Behavior Modification Case Studies Dog Breeds Dog Friends Guard, Protection, Watchdog and K9 K9, Protection, Schutzhund, Ring Sport, KNPV Law and Politics Puppy Training Seminars Tips and Advice Training Aggression Dog Products Log In Username Password Remember Me Register Lost Password Copyright © 2014 SamTheDogTrainer.com
