http://www.theshriverbrief.org/2011/01/articles/legal-aid/sargent-shriver-legal-services-as-peace-building/
The Shriver Brief : Poverty Law Commentary & Insights : Sargent Shriver National Center on Poverty Law : Affordable Housing, Healthcare Reform Published By Shriver Center - Sargent Shriver National Center on Poverty Law Promoting health, safety and a chance to prosper for low-income people About Contact Archives Home > Legal Aid > Sargent Shriver: Legal Services as Peace Building Sargent Shriver: Legal Services as Peace Building Posted on January 27, 2011 by John Bouman Print Comments Trackbacks Share Link The passing of Sargent Shriver brought about a satisfying outpouring of tributes. His personality was a unique combination of larger-than-life and down-to-earth. He came annually to our fund-raisers in the late 1990s and early 2000s, and I had a chance to see him in action. He clearly loved people. And they clearly loved him. His constant message was both upbeat and demanding: “What have you done today to make the world a better place?” he would ask with a gleam in his eye, conveying his confidence that you not only could do it but also would love doing it. People left with an excitement about being of service. Shriver was a brilliant thinker and tactician. He launched many life-changing programs that are still vibrant: good ideas created to tackle real problems discerned at the community level. They were launched with tactical skill, pragmatic good sense, and that rare Shriver energy—upbeat and demanding. These ideas flowed from Shriver’s values and his big-picture strategic vision that transcended his own time and place and set of circumstances and generated staying power. Among those transcendent values were peace and peace building. Joby Taylor, who directs the Shriver Peaceworker Program at the “other” Shriver Center, located at the University of Maryland–Baltimore County, published a beautiful tribute that highlighted Shriver’s compelling concept of practical idealism: “[B]ecause service highlights our common humanity even as it solves real and pressing problems, it is a primary pathway to peace. . . . The experience of working alongside others and solving problems … instills in us a sense of the usefulness of our idealism.” Amen. Joby’s main focus is the Peace Corps and service learning, but he was describing the best aspects of legal services work, too. The aspect of peace building that revealed itself in Shriver’s original vision for legal services was an eyes-open realism about power. Shriver located legal services within community action agencies. The lawyers were not only to represent community members in court to assure them equal access to civil justice but also to represent community leaders and the community itself in the solution of wider problems identified locally. The lawyers were to bring their skills to bear to increase the power of community interests to be players on issues of policy and social systems that might affect them. This was a realistic understanding about producing peace in spite of conflict. Peace will not come if people experience inevitable and constant defeat in public policy matters, and peace cannot be manufactured by eliminating all conflict. No matter how much society ameliorates the losers, they eventually become frustrated and dangerously uninterested in legitimate policy processes. The tension between haves and have-nots, and between groups with competing interests, is a constant feature of the human condition. Conceding the presence of conflict, Shriver concentrated instead on promoting a fair process to deal with conflict. Providing lawyers, with their expertise and advocacy skills, to serve low-income communities in public policy conflicts was a way to level the playing field. Low-income communities would have an improved chance to assert their interests, to win their share, to influence outcomes—to be players on issues that affect them. And, feeling empowered, they will invest in the process, tolerate setbacks, and have the confidence to resolve conflicts through compromise. Peace proceeds from arm’s-length handling of public policy conflicts, and this brings low-income communities into the flow of American life. Practical realism indeed. Fifty years later, legal services programs are vindicating Shriver’s moral vision of building peace through service. They are also recognizing the lasting wisdom of his insight that, by building the power of communities to be players in policy debates on issues that affect them, legal services lawyers build peace in a very realistic way. This blog post will also be published as a letter to subscribers in the January-February issue of Clearinghouse Review: Journal of Poverty Law and Policy.     Tags: Legal Aid, peace, sargent shriver Trackbacks (0) Links to blogs that reference this article Trackback URL http://www.theshriverbrief.org/admin/trackback/237910 Comments (0) Read through and enter the discussion with the form at the end Post A Comment / Question Use this form to add a comment to this entry. Name: Email Address: URL: (optional) Comments: Remember personal info? Yes No About Us The Sargent Shriver National Center on Poverty Law provides national leadership in advancing laws and policies that secure justice to More... Topics Asset Opportunity Asset Building Financial Protection Financial Reform Budget and Tax Justice American Recovery and Reinvestment Act Budget and Taxes Climate Change Climate Control Community Justice Economic Security and Opportunity Child Care Economic Justice Employment Food Stamps Job Training Racial Justice Education Health Care Justice Children's Health Care Health Care Reform Housing Justice Affordable Housing Foreclosure Subsidized Housing Legal Aid Women's Law and Policy Violence Against Women and Girls Archives Search This Site Enter keywords: Subscribe Add this blog to your feeds or put your e-mail in the box below and hit GO to subscribe by e-mail. Recent Updates Ryan's "Path to Prosperity" Means More Poverty and Less Opportunity--Unless You're Wealthy Bruce Rauner's Tax Plan The "Tennessee Promise": Real Reform or Empty Diversion? Burwell v. Hobby Lobby and the Civil Rights Act of 1964 The New Jim Crow: Honoring the Civil Rights of Those Who Have Paid Their Debt to Society Illinois Legislative Session Ends with Some Significant Gains for People Living in Poverty 2013 Poverty Scorecard Confirms Congress's Lack of Attention to the Poor Legislative Update: Advocates Still Hard at Work in Springfield! Medicaid Is Still Open for Business Act Now: Illinois Lawmakers Are Deciding Whether to Maintain the Current 5% Income Tax Rate and Provide Tax Relief to Low-Wage Workers Illinois Keeps Its Eye on the Back Door: Medicaid Renewals Funding for Human Services in Illinois Hangs in the Balance Blogs Branching Out Capitol Fax Blog Center on Budget and Policy Priorities Health Policy Hub Heartbeat HuffPost Chicago MetroTrends Blog Progress Illinois Spotlight on Poverty and Opportunity   The Shriver Brief Sargent Shriver National Center on Poverty Law | 50 E. Washington St. | Suite 500 | Chicago, IL 60615 Poverty law commentary & insights from the Sargent Shriver National Center on Poverty Law, covering poverty law, affordable housing law, healthcare reform, asset building, financial education, children's savings accounts, payday loan reform, rights for victims of domestic violence, criminal justice reform, recidivism, welfare, work supports and food stamps. Privacy Policy Disclaimer Blog design, marketing and support by LexBlog Copyright © 2014, Sargent Shriver National Center on Poverty Law. All Rights Reserved.
http://specialolympicsblog.wordpress.com/2011/01/24/sargent-shriver-funeral/
Sargent Shriver Funeral Posted by Ryan January 24, 2011 Home I’ll venture a guess you could guess the theme of today’s Multimedia Monday pretty easily. We’ve got a couple videos embedded below, but mostly we want to direct you to the Sargent Shriver website which continues to be built out with every bit of info, article, video and tribute you could possibly imagine.  It’s just an amazing tribute to Sarge’s life and legacy which we can’t encourage you enough to dive in and be in awe of the man’s life, as we are.  If you have not posted your own tribute yet, please do so! The funeral mass, held Saturday January 22, 2011, was highlighted by a number of powerful, insightful, funny, sad, but ultimately inspiring, joyous and hopeful tributes dedicated to Sarge.  You can find the list of all the tributes on this page of the Sargent Shriver website. Scroll down and click the link next to the name of the person you want to watch.  Those who provided remarks included Anthony Shriver, Timothy Shriver, Bobby Shriver, Mark Shriver, former President Bill Clinton and Vice President Joseph Biden. You can also download the funeral program book (below left) and the mass prayer card (below right) if you scroll toward the bottom of this page. U2′s Bono and Glen Hansard of The Swell Season perform at the funeral mass. A brief recap of the funeral from the Associated Press Sarge was laid to rest late Saturday night, next to his late wife and founder of Special Olympics, Eunice Kennedy Shriver, in Centerville, MA. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit StumbleUpon Email More Print Like this: Like Loading... Related Posted in: Multimedia Monday, Sargent Shriver Tagged: Associated Press, Bono, Centerville, Eunice Kennedy Shriver, funeral, Glen Hansard, linkedin, Maria Shriver, mass, Massachussetts, Multimedia Monday, prayer card, Sargent Shriver, Special Olympics, The Swell Season, Tim Shriver, tribute, U2, Washington D.C. Permalink Leave a comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of follow-up comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Post navigation ← Honoring the Legacy of Sargent Shriver Support from the Sports Community → Follow The World of Special Olympics on WordPress.com Subscribe to Posts  RSS - Posts Search What’s New? Bursting with Pride Never Give Up The Time to Support the CRPD is Now How Healthy Communities Improved My Health and Nutrition Habits Tackling TSC with Special Olympics Blog Email Subscription Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Join 931 other followers Meet the Storytellers Instagram Archives July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 Blog at WordPress.com. The Columnist Theme. Follow Follow “The World of Special Olympics” Get every new post delivered to your Inbox. Join 931 other followers Powered by WordPress.com Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
http://www.thejewishweek.com/blogs/route_17/break_mirror_how_schwarzenegger_learned_love_sargent_shriver
Jump to Navigation Search this site: Tweet Newsletters Subscriptions Advertise Classifieds My Cart Login New Account New Password Route 17 Break The Mirror: How Schwarzenegger Learned To Love Sargent Shriver 01/25/2011 - 12:29 Jonathan Mark Tweet Widget Facebook Like Share on Facebook Google Plus One Pinterest One loved Nixon. One ran against Nixon in 1972, and was the brother-in-law of the man who beat Nixon in 1960. Yet a real bond seemed to develope between Arnold Schwarzenegger and Sargent Shrive. Here's Schwarzenegger's tribute to Shriver in The Los Angeles Times. "Sargent Shriver was the greatest motivator I have ever known. Break mirrors, Sarge said...Stop looking at yourself. Stop being so self-absorbed. Learn more about others — know their hopes and dreams, find out what makes them smile and what makes them weep. "That speech hit me. There I was, a bodybuilder. I was someone who literally spent his life in front of mirrors, practicing poses, working onthe biceps or the triceps, always checking the mirror for progress. Standing in front of mirrors was my job, my fortune. And Sarge convinced me that the only way to truly succeed is to break those mirrors, to direct that energy and ambition not toward myself but to serving others. "Serve as a Democrat; serve as a Republican. It doesn't matter if you're a socialist or a communist, a Catholic, a Jew or an atheist. Just break the mirror, walk out of the room, reach out... " It's a lesson for all people, for all in-laws. Break the mirror. Don't expect the in-law to be just like you. You don't need to see your own image reflected, just the image of God. Related & Recommended Selling Arnold Was Tough Sell Men Behaving Badly New Nixon Tapes Show More Anti-Semitism Comment Guidelines The Jewish Week feels comments create a valuable conversation and wants to feature your thoughts on our website. To make everyone feel welcome, we won't publish comments that are profane, irrelevant, promotional or make personal attacks. Add comment Your name: * E-mail: * The content of this field is kept private and will not be shown publicly. Comment: * By submitting this form, you accept the Mollom privacy policy. Recent Posts Egyptian Media Apologizes For Being Pro-Mubarak 02/16/2011 - 15:38 Lindsay Lohan Is My Funny Little Valentine (She Tweets Me About Israel) 02/14/2011 - 17:04 Sharansky's 'Beautiful Moment' (Something Reagan Said But Obama Never Would) 02/12/2011 - 20:36 The Nazi Book Of (Terrific and Terrifying) Graphic Design 02/10/2011 - 15:55 A Letter From Young Israel In 1934, When YI Jews Were Young, Beautiful, And Looking For Work 02/07/2011 - 17:09 More Blogs The New Normal Well-Versed Political Insider Jewish Techs Subscribe to this blog feed Route 17 The Jewish Week | Featured Sites of Interest Allen & Company LLC Car Power Adapter Vogue France Raiser & Kenniff, PC, - Criminal Defense Lawyers Great Jerusalem Hotels China Suppliers Limo Service NJ Inspirational Success Quotes & Sayings Electric Cigarettes Dissertation Writing Service Bad Credit Loans naplesbaycolonyproperties.com Los Angeles Car Accident Lawyer News Editorial & Opinion Arts Features Food & Wine Special Sections Blogs Support Us Contact Us © Copyright 2014 The Jewish Week, Inc. Please read our terms of use for more information ~ Website by Actual Systems ~ Privacy Policy Contact Us About Us Terms of Use Site-map Newsletter Signup Email: * Subscribe to the Newsletter: * Send Me Information About Jewish Week Events Food & Wine Newsletter 2014 The Jewish Week Free Enewsletter Special Offers Please select the area(s) of interest you have from the above and click the sign up button below. Support our work by subscribing today! Gift Subscription Print - NY State, 1 Year Gift Subscription Print - other US and Canada, 1 year Print Subscription - New York State Print Subscription - US & Canada Advertising Info Advertiser Information Our Readers Mechanical Requirements General Policies Print Ad Rates Advertising Rates for TheJewishWeek.com 2014 Special Issues: Upcoming Advertising Opportunities Contacts Associate Publisher/ Chief Revenue Officer Richard Waloff Ext. 217 Sales Director Ruth Rothseid Ext. 254   Manhattan Jewish Organizations/ Digital Client Services Manager Stephanie Leone Ext. 220   Manhattan Synagogues & Bronx/Westchester Ani Vuolo Ext. 226   Manhattan Retail / Real Estate/ Upper W. Side Arlene Bienenfeld Ext. 209   Restaurants, Queens/Westchester Seth Yedwab Ext. 222   National/Manhattan Corporate/Theater/Healthcare Michelle Plotsker 516-569-9189   Long Island/Automotive Yitzie Hyman Ext. 207   View your shopping cart. Select a Department to Contact Back Issues and Content Questions Complaints & Kvetches Editorial Comments/Questions General Inquiry Subscription Questions Website Problems or Suggestions Letters to the Editor Get Advertising Information Here More Ways to Connect Newsletters Subscriptions Advertise Classifieds Our Address THE JEWISH WEEK 1501 BROADWAY, SUITE 505 NEW YORK, NY 10036 Telephone: (212) 921-7822 Fax: (212) 921-8420 New York International Israel National Westchester Long Island Briefs Short Takes All News JW Events Recent New York Lieberman To Take Professor Post At YU New York In Face of Israel Flight Bans, Aliyah Persists New York Fault Lines Open As Civilian Deaths Mount New York Gary Rosenblatt Rabbi David Wolpe's Musings Editorials Opinion Sabbath Week Jew By Voice Letters The Dialogue: Judaism And Democracy Point-Counter-Point Street Torah Letters Demilitarize Gaza, End Occupation 07/23/2014 Freedom Summer And LBJ 07/23/2014 Times’ Indicting Israel 07/23/2014 Gary Rosenblatt When Journalists Lose Their Moral Compass New York Times’ Parallels Are Forced, And False New York Times’ Parallels Are Forced, And False Film Books Music Dance Theater Museums/Galleries Arts Grid Arts Guide Your weekly guide to what's hot in New York area arts. Film ‘Wish’: Hits, And Misses Dance Cycle Of (Family) Life Table For One Matchmaker Reform Really The JW Q&A Lens Travel A Rabbi's World All She Wrote Success Without The Tsuris Gift Guides Latest Features ‘Lolita’ In Wartime Culture View Late Nights, From Paris To Madrid Travel LeBron’s Going Home The JW Q&A The Big Apple Wandering Jew Dining Out Recipes Kosher Kupboard F&W Q&A Wine The Good Book The Sauce Kosher Wine Guide 2014 The Galloping Gaul Of Kosher Wine; The Wine From A Little Town Called Hope; From Tuscany With Body; Kosher Wine Down Under And Out West 36 Under 36 Arts Preview Celebrate Go Green! Healthcare Israel Now Israel Travel Jewish Life Kosher Wine Guides Purim Spoof Sephardim In New York Text/Context The Good Life Recent Special Sections The Good Life July 2014 Affirming Life, Right To The End; Jewish Renewal Founder’s Spiritual Roadmap; Starting Late, But Not Too Late; Staying Young, With Cello; As Jewish Boomers Retire, Is South Florida Losing Its Appeal? Summer Reading June 2014 Contemporary Israel In The Literary Spotlight; Three Novels That Span The Globe. The New Normal Well-Versed Political Insider Jewish Techs Recent Posts How Hamas Measures Success 07/24/2014 - 15:08 Political Insider NBC=Not Bothering Checking 07/21/2014 - 23:34 Political Insider The Newest New Normal Of Rockets And Violence 07/21/2014 - 13:48 The New Normal Oy Vey, $end Money 07/18/2014 - 16:45 Political Insider
http://opinion.latimes.com/opinionla/2011/01/why-politics-didnt-come-between-sargent-shriver-and-arnold-schwarzenegger.html
Local U.S. World Business Sports Entertainment Health Style Travel Opinion Opinion L.A. Observations and provocations from The Times' Opinion staff « Previous Post | Opinion L.A. Home | Next Post » Why politics didn't come between Sargent Shriver and Arnold Schwarzenegger January 24, 2011 |  10:53 am Over the weekend, Arnold Schwarzenegger wrote an Op-Ed for our pages in tribute to his father-in-law Sargent Shriver.  He recounted the 1994 commencement speech Shriver gave at Yale that inspired Schwarzenegger to change his life path. Break mirrors, Sarge said in a renowned 1994 commencement speech he gave at Yale. Stop looking at yourself. Stop being so self-absorbed. Learn more about others -- know their hopes and dreams, find out what makes them smile and what makes them weep. That speech hit me. There I was, a bodybuilder. I was someone who literally spent his life in front of mirrors, practicing poses, working on the biceps or the triceps, always checking the mirror for progress. Standing in front of mirrors was my job, my fortune. And Sarge convinced me that the only way to truly succeed is to break those mirrors, to direct that energy and ambition not toward myself but to serving others. He also shares the story of how he "avidly praised" Richard Nixon the first time he met Shriver, despite the fact that "Sarge had run for vice president on a ticket with George McGovern five years earlier, and [...] defeated by Nixon and Spiro Agnew." Not that that ruffled Shriver; he understood where Schwarzenegger was coming from. Here, in a 1995 interview with Terry Gross on "Fresh Air," he explains… Gross: I'm sure you get asked this all the time, so forgive me for asking it again. But your son-in-law is very, very famous, Arnold Schwarzenegger. And he's not only famous as an actor. He's famous as a Republican, a Republican supporter. What's it been like for you to have a son-in-law who is for your opposing party? Shriver: Well, I grew up in a rather large family, the Shriver family in Maryland. About half of them are Republicans and half of them are Democrats. So I'm not at all surprised to be closely related to somebody who is a Republican. Secondly, I understand fully why Arnold, when he came to this country, became a Republican rather than a Democrat. He came from Austria, where the Socialist Party in Austria was really European socialist in its outlook. And he thought - and I think this is a fair statement. He thought that the Democratic Party in our country was analogous to the Socialist Party which he had experienced in Austria. Actually, that's not an accurate comparison, but that's what he thought. So when he came here, went to graduate school at the University of Wisconsin, he was approached by Republicans who invited him to become a member of that party. And he looked upon the Republican Party as being more in keeping with his ideas. And his ideas were based on the fact -which is a great tribute to him - that he had been able to come from, you might say, very simple circumstances in Austria. I mean, not from the top upper crust of Austrian society, either socially speaking or financially speaking. He had made it on his own, and he thought that's the way everybody should be able to conduct their life. They should succeed on their own. Gross: So this doesn't interfere with the family relationship. Shriver: No, not at all. You can listen to the rest of the interview here. RELATED: Sargent Shriver's lasting legacy Arnold Schwarzenegger on Sargent Shriver: The man who broke mirrors -- Alexandra Le Tellier Photo: Arnold Schwarzenegger celebrates his recall-election victory in October 2003 with Sargent and Eunice Shriver at the Century Plaza Hotel in Los Angeles. Credit: Blake Sell / Reuters  Comments ( ) Advertisement Video Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | About Our Ads | © | About This Site
http://www.sargentshriver.org/letters/edna-primrose
Sargent Shriver Peace Institute SARGE'S LEGACY SARGE'S METHOD ABOUT SSPI Facebook Twitter Main Letters A Letter from Edna Primrose A Letter from Edna Primrose National Director, Job Corps, 2010-2013 It was with great regret that our Job Corps family learned the news yesterday that the founder of Job Corps and one of our biggest champions, Robert Sargent Shriver, passed away. As many of you know, Sargent Shriver spearheaded President Lyndon B. Johnson's War on Poverty, and in that role, he was instrumental in the founding of Job Corps in 1964.  Sargent Shriver's commitment to our country predated his work with Job Corps. He was the first director of the Peace Corps under President John F. Kennedy. Under President Johnson, he led the Office of Economic Opportunity, the agency responsible for the creation and success of many social programs that are still thriving today, including Job Corps. His contributions and belief in our program have helped more than 2.6 million young people throughout Job Corps' 46-year history. In 1999 when Job Corps dedicated the Shriver Job Corps Center in Devens, Mass., Sargent Shriver spoke of his faith in the program to help at-risk young people, saying, "Our Job Corps graduates are proof that our original dream, our vision, was realistic. We proved that all of us could work together, successfully, to provide the necessary skills to thousands of young Americans who had neither jobs nor skills... Our combined efforts succeeded! The Job Corps has survived and prospered. It has served our nation well."  He later went on to serve in many roles, including ambassador to France. He was active in Special Olympics, serving as that organization's president and eventually being named chairman emeritus. In 1994, President Bill Clinton awarded him the Presidential Medal of Freedom, our nation's top civilian honor. Sargent Shriver never shied away from serving his country, and I hope that at Job Corps, we are inspired by the sense of honor and gratitude that led him to found our program. He believed that every young person in this country deserves the chance to see a brighter future. He believed that our society must teach young people the skills they need to succeed, both in life and at work. And he believed that the public and the private sectors can work together to accomplish this.  These beliefs drive what we do every day at Job Corps, from the National Office in Washington, D.C., to Job Corps centers from coast to coast. As Shriver himself said, "I believe in the Job Corps and its future... The Job Corps will tell as much about ourselves, our courage, our vision, our sense of equality, our trust in God and His providence, our future as one nation, under God, with liberty and justice for all. I repeat the words 'for all' ... because those words include all young Americans!"  In tribute to Sargent Shriver, I am requesting that all Job Corps centers fly their flags at half-mast this week. Through this small but powerful gesture, we will honor Sargent Shriver's memory, his sense of duty to our young people, and his legacy. Previous Letter Aaron S. Williams Next Letter Mary Ann Orlando Sargent Shriver Peace Institute Contact us at sargentshriverpeaceinstitute@gmail.com Privacy Policy | Terms Of Use Website created by Perfect Sense Digital | ©2014 Site Index SARGE'S LEGACY Civil Rights Political Leadership Peacebuilding Empowerment Intellectual Disabilities Faith Family Service Tributes Letters SARGE'S METHOD His Method Speeches & Public Appearances ABOUT SSPI Mission Partnerships People Facebook Twitter
http://www.sargentshriver.org/gallery/sargent-shriver-funeral-mass
Sargent Shriver Peace Institute SARGE'S LEGACY SARGE'S METHOD ABOUT SSPI Facebook Twitter Sargent Shriver Funeral Mass Sargent Shriver Funeral Mass Sargent Shriver's children, grandchildren and son-in-law Arnold Schwarzenegger carry Sargent Shriver's casket to the hearse taking it to the funeral in Maryland. Sargent Shriver Funeral Mass Sargent Shriver Funeral Mass Cardinal Donald Wuerl of the Archdiocese of Washington was the principal celebrant and homilist. Sargent Shriver Funeral Mass Sargent Shriver Funeral Mass Sargent Shriver Funeral Mass Sargent Shriver Funeral Mass Sargent Shriver Funeral Mass Sargent Shriver Funeral Mass Sargent Shriver Funeral Mass Anthony Shriver invites the congregation to recite words spoken by Sargent Shriver during an address to Yale University in 1994: "I hope you remember to believe in things 'til you die. I hope you remember to be guided by beliefs powerful enough to change the world. I hope you remember the example of the Peace Corps volunteer, the Head Start parent, the Special Olympics athlete. They, each in their own way, are waging peace. Maybe you will even remember me and my family. Remember the importance of family--of giving and receiving--of love. You have such a chance! Oh, how I wish I were you!!!!" Sargent Shriver Funeral Mass From left, Wyclef Jean, Bono Sargent Shriver Funeral Mass Sargent Shriver Funeral Mass Vanessa Williams Sargent Shriver Funeral Mass Wyclef Jean Sargent Shriver Funeral Mass Sargent Shriver Funeral Mass Sargent Shriver Funeral Mass Sargent Shriver Funeral Mass Glen Hansard and Bono. Sargent Shriver Funeral Mass Sargent Shriver Funeral Mass Sargent Shriver Funeral Mass Sargent Shriver Funeral Mass Sargent Shriver Funeral Mass Sargent Shriver's daughter, Maria. Sargent Shriver Funeral Mass First Lady Michelle Obama. Sargent Shriver Funeral Mass Sargent Shriver's son, Timothy. Sargent Shriver Funeral Mass Sargent Shriver's son, Mark, praised his father in his eulogy. Sargent Shriver Funeral Mass Former President Bill Clinton was one of three eulogists. Sargent Shriver Funeral Mass Sargent Shriver's family, at left, applaud after Clinton's remarks. Sargent Shriver Funeral Mass Last to eulogize Sargent Shriver was Vice President Joe Biden. Sargent Shriver Funeral Mass After he spoke fondly of Sargent Shriver's support for his Senate campaign in 1972, Biden was thanked by Maria Shriver. Sargent Shriver Funeral Mass George McGovern, left, chose Sargent Shriver as his running mate for a 1972 presidential run. Sargent Shriver Funeral Mass Cardinal Wuerl's final commendation at the side of Sargent Shriver's casket. Sargent Shriver Funeral Mass Sargent Shriver Funeral Mass President Clinton, First Lady Michelle Obama and Vice President Biden (at right) watched as the funeral ended. Sargent Shriver Funeral Mass Sargent Shriver Funeral Mass Sargent Shriver Funeral Mass Maria Shriver with Senator John Kerry from Massachusetts. Sargent Shriver Funeral Mass Sargent Shriver Burial Sargent Shriver's casket is carried to his burial place by color guard. Sargent Shriver Burial Sargent Shriver was laid to rest alongside his wife Eunice Kennedy Shriver at St. Francis Xavier in Centerville, MA. Sargent Shriver Burial Sargent Shriver Burial Taps plays. More Photo Galleries Sargent Shriver's Life The Peace Corps The Shriver Family Sargent Shriver Wake Service Sargent Shriver Funeral Mass In His Words Sargent Shriver Peace Institute Contact us at sargentshriverpeaceinstitute@gmail.com Privacy Policy | Terms Of Use Website created by Perfect Sense Digital | ©2014 Site Index SARGE'S LEGACY Civil Rights Political Leadership Peacebuilding Empowerment Intellectual Disabilities Faith Family Service Tributes Letters SARGE'S METHOD His Method Speeches & Public Appearances ABOUT SSPI Mission Partnerships People Facebook Twitter
