http://resources.specialolympics.org/Topics/Research/Program_Research_Toolkit/Impact_of_Special_Olympics_Athletes_Intro.aspx
Impact of Special Olympics: Athletes  In the “Scope of the Need” section, the distinct challenges faced by people with intellectual disabilities in societies around the globe are explored. It is clear that people with intellectual disabilities face a daunting, up hill struggle to achieve acceptance, inclusion and other benefits of society that most people take for granted. It is also clear that they have had few tools at their disposal to win their struggle. For 40 years, Special Olympics has been one of the primary tools they have had to assist them. Extensive anecdotal evidence collected over the years leads to the conclusion that Special Olympics impacts the lives of its athletes in profound ways, most notably in building self confidence, friendships and self-esteem. In the last few years, however, Special Olympics has begun to examine and document formally the impact of its programs on athletes in a systematic and rigorous way. The results have been dramatic, illustrating that Special Olympics has even greater and broader positive effects on athletes than anyone imagined! Special Olympics research has evaluated the effects of participation through multiple studies in North America, South America, Europe, and Asia by interviewing a total of 2376 athletes, 2548 family members and caretakers, and 427 coaches and partners. While there are some differences between countries and cultures, results were surprisingly similar, no matter where Special Olympics took place. It seems clear that the positive effects of participation in Special Olympics are universal, and in many ways, parallel the positive effects experienced by people without intellectual disabilities who are active in sports. Talking Points Special Olympics is not nice, not charity, not just sports; Special Olympics is important; Special Olympics makes invaluable contributions to the lives of athletes that extend well beyond sports.  Special Olympics gives visibility to people with intellectual disabilities. Visibility is the first step towards a positive cycle of inclusion, understanding and respect.  There is a positive connection between Special Olympics participation and increased physical activity. In the United States, Special Olympics athletes are more active than the general population.  Special Olympics significantly increases social activity among people with intellectual disabilities and between individuals with and without intellectual disabilities. Call for Action Spread the word. Most people are unaware of the extent of the positive impact Special Olympics has on people with intellectual disabilities. Whenever possible, inform others (whether it is a policymaker or a neighbor) about Special Olympics’ influence and be persistent with the press in getting Special Olympics and athlete stories before the public.  Evaluate your current programs and efforts on behalf of athletes and modify and increase your commitment in order to meet these needs. Specifically explore ways to modify your efforts based on the results of the impact studies mentioned in this section.  Brainstorm ideas on how to further evaluate your programs and measure effectiveness. Share your stories of athletes whose lives have been affected with Special Olympics headquarters in Washington DC, so these stories can be spread throughout the movement. About Special Olympics in North America Find Special Olympics near you Stories from North America World, Regional and National Games Results Pledge not to use the word "retard" Slideshow: The Power of Sports Video: Speechless Your Donation Matters Special Olympics transforms athletes’ lives through the joy of sport. Help us make a difference. DONATE TODAY» Volunteer Near You Volunteering with Special Olympics is fun and very rewarding, for both the athlete and the volunteer! LEARN MORE» Follow Us Spirit E-Newsletter Stay in touch! See inspiring stories, photos and videos in our Special Olympics newsletter. Sign Up Now SOI Calendar "Events" is a top search term for SO.org. Add your own events. Events » Find events near you and learn about volunteer opportunities at one of our 220 worldwide locations.  north america south america eurasia Africa Middle East East Asia Asia Pacific FIND A LOCATION NEAR YOU » Findings at a Glance Nearly all Special Olympics athletes (more than 90%) from all countries studied benefited from increased self-esteem and self confidence after participating.  A strong majority of athletes also experience improvement in sports skills (94% on average across China, Latin America and the United States.) There is a strong relationship between involvement in Special Olympics and the ability to be employed. In the United States, the employment rate for Special Olympics athletes is 52%. Estimates about employment and people with intellectual disabilities vary but have been cited as a low as 10%. “Special Olympics has infused my son with the spirit of courage and confidence.” -Parent of athlete from the United States Family Goal for Participation China View Larger Coaches' Goal for Participation China View Larger Family Goal for Participation US View Larger Coaches' Goal for Participation US View Larger Search © Special Olympics * * * * Select a State Alabama Alaska American Samoa Arizona Arkansas Armed Forces Americas (except Canada) Armed Forces Eur., Mid. East, Africa, Canada Armed Forces Pacific California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia Federated States of Micronesia Florida Georgia Guam Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Marshall Islands Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Northern Mariana Islands Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Palau Pennsylvania Puerto Rico Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virgin Islands Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Select a Country United States Canada United Kingdom Australia Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Democratic Republic of The Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote d'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova, Republic of Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and The South Sandwich Islands Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan, Province of China Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States United States Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Viet Nam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Subscribe Welcome to Special Olympics International We are a global organization with programs in over 220 countries. This site may be customized by language and by geographic region. You may change these selections now (below) or at any time later by clicking the "Change" links in the upper right corner of the page. Languages العربية 中文 English Français Русский Español Regions Africa Asia-Pacific East-Asia Europe-Eurasia Latin-America Middle-East-North-Africa North America
http://resources.specialolympics.org/Topics/Research/Program_Research_Toolkit/Demographics.aspx
Demographics Special Olympics is one of the most well-known and well-respected organizations in the world. Yet, most people either have misperceptions about Special Olympics athletes or are simply unaware of the scope of the movement. One common perception of Special Olympics is that it is a sporting event that happens every few years in the United States for children with intellectual disabilities. In fact, Special Olympics is global, with so many events taking place that it is likely there is a Special Olympics competition happening somewhere in the world as you read this. For more information about the misperceptions about people with intellectual disabilities, see the toolkit section: “The Scope of the Need: Attitudes and Perceptions.” Special Olympics is growing, increasing at a 10.5% rate in 2008, the most recent year with complete information. The greatest rates of increase for number of athletes took place in Asia and the Pacific Rim countries, but all regions are experiencing positive growth. More than 9000 additional competitions took place in 2007 compared to a year earlier. North America hosted the most competitions with 13,621. See Figure 2. The number of coaches involved with Special Olympics also continues to increase. In 2008, more than 260,000 coaches worked with the organization, a 11% increase from the previous year. The athlete-to-coach ratio also improved (decreased) in five of the movement’s seven regions. Worldwide the ratio is now 12.2 athletes for every coach.  Data collected in evaluation studies of Special Olympics in a number of countries paint different portraits of the “typical” Special Olympics athlete. In many countries, the typical athlete is school-aged; for example, in some countries, most athletes enter Special Olympics directly through their schools (89% of Chinese athletes); while in other countries, such as Argentina and Brazil, Special Olympics activities are often also organized by community or government organizations. In all countries surveyed, a clear majority of athletes had never participated in organized sports before Special Olympics. See Table 1 for more demographic information. Clearly, Special Olympics is meeting a need.  Research has also explored the reasons why athletes and their families participate in Special Olympics. When family members are asked about their motivations, it is interesting to note how closely the answers match no matter where they are from. Family members around the world view Special Olympics primarily as an opportunity for social interaction and enhanced self-esteem, with health and sports skill improvement as other high priorities. See Figure 1 for more information. Athletes’ motivations for participating in sports closely mirrors the reasons given by family members (fun, social aspect, winning/competition), and most interestingly, their motivations are the same as athletes without intellectual disabilities. More information about the reasons for participation and its effects can be found in the toolkit section "Impact of the Special Olympics."    Special Olympics Programs vary greatly in size and activity level. In 2008, the smallest Program in the world served 19 athletes, while the largest provided sports opportunities to 828,053 athletes. While there is not a “typical” Special Olympics Program, Table 2 gives the average and median number of athletes, coaches, and competitions in 2008.  The movement’s top five sports continue to be athletics, football (soccer), basketball, bowling, and aquatics. The gender ratio between male and female athletes changed in 2008, signaling a trend toward greater participation among female athletes. It is currently 1.6:1 with 1.6 male athletes for every female athlete. There are some interesting regional variations regarding athletes and gender. In 2008, Asia-Pacific reported the highest level of female participation of all seven regions, followed by Africa. In these regions, female participation constitutes more than 42% and 41% of the total, respectively.  In addition to Special Olympics traditional athletic competitions, there continues to be impressive growth in other initiatives as well. The Healthy Athletes program has provided more than 1,000,000 health screenings to athletes; Unified Sports currently serves more than 150,000 athletes and partners; more than 78,000 young children participate in Young Athletes; the Athlete Leadership Program involves more than 13,000 athletes; and the newest initiative – Project Unify – is projected to impact 230,000 young people with and without intellectual disabilities.  Despite the impressive scope of Special Olympics and its significant growth, the organization still serves a very small portion of the worldwide population with intellectual disabilities – approximately 1.5%. Even in North America where Special Olympics has been active for more than 40 years, only approximately 4.2% of the people with intellectual disabilities are involved with Special Olympics. Thus, the potential for the benefits of Special Olympics to be extended to millions of additional people with intellectual disabilities is significant.  It is important to note that these figures are rough estimates due to the difficulty in determining how many people have intellectual disabilities around the world. Special Olympics research has examined the surveillance systems for evaluating the prevalence of intellectual disabilities and related services available in 12 countries around the world. Findings indicate a disturbing lack of information about people with intellectual disabilities. Even basic information such as how many people have intellectual disabilities in a given country is often difficult to determine. Of 128 data-gathering tools evaluated across 12 countries, 66% included information about general disability, but only 27% specifically addressed intellectual disability. Countries evaluated by Special Olympics for this research included Brazil, China, Egypt, Germany, India, Ireland, Japan, Nigeria, Northern Ireland, Russia, South Africa and the United States. Talking Points Special Olympics is not simply an occasional sporting event. It is a growing, global movement in more than 170 countries, serving nearly 3.5 million athletes with intellectual disabilities.  More than 75% of Special Olympics athletes reside outside of the United States. China is the largest Special Olympics Program in the world with more than 625,000 athletes.  Special Olympics serves as an effective and cost effective tool for community development. For a small investment in sports equipment and volunteers’ time, Special Olympics has the potential to become a vehicle for bringing people together, changing attitudes, and engaging a portion of the community that is otherwise forgotten.  Special Olympics has a positive impact in countries around the world that need it the most, including Iraq, Afghanistan and Somalia.  Special Olympics athletes participate in sports for the same reasons that people without intellectual disabilities do – to have fun, interact with friends and meet new friends. Call for Action Look for opportunities to communicate the reach of Special Olympics to your various audiences.  Integrate demographic information into messages to various audiences to help others understand Special Olympics athletes. Include the themes of respect, inclusion and sameness into your messages. Research information like the motivations for playing sports illustrates that Special Olympics athletes are just like other athletes.  Evaluate your Program and initiatives to ensure you are targeting your audience in the most effective way. Demographic information can help put into focus your audience and their motivations and desires. Urge policymakers in your region and other government representatives to improve or develop data-gathering tools to better measure statistics relating to intellectual disabilities.  References 1. Special Olympics International. Reach report. Washington, D.C.: Special Olympics International; 2009. 2. Harada C, Parker R, Siperstein G. A comprehensive national study of Special Olympics programs in China. Boston: University of Massachusetts Boston; 2008. 3. Harada C, Parker R, Siperstein G. A comprehensive national study of Special Olympics programs in Latin America: findings from Argentina, Brazil, and Peru. Boston: University of Massachusetts Boston; 2008. 4. Siperstein G, Hardman M, Harada C, Parker R, McGuire J. A comprehensive study of Special Olympics programs in the United States. Boston and Salt Lake City: University of Massachusetts Boston and University of Utah; 2005. 5. World Health Organization. Mental and neurological disorders. Geneva; 2001. 6. Fujiura G, Rutkowski-Kmitta V, Owens R. Status & Prospects: An international review of the state of intellectual disability surveillance. Chicago: University of Illinois Chicago; 2008. About Special Olympics in North America Find Special Olympics near you Stories from North America World, Regional and National Games Results Pledge not to use the word "retard" Slideshow: The Power of Sports Video: Speechless Your Donation Matters Special Olympics transforms athletes’ lives through the joy of sport. Help us make a difference. DONATE TODAY» Volunteer Near You Volunteering with Special Olympics is fun and very rewarding, for both the athlete and the volunteer! LEARN MORE» Follow Us Spirit E-Newsletter Stay in touch! See inspiring stories, photos and videos in our Special Olympics newsletter. Sign Up Now SOI Calendar "Events" is a top search term for SO.org. Add your own events. Events » Find events near you and learn about volunteer opportunities at one of our 220 worldwide locations.  north america south america eurasia Africa Middle East East Asia Asia Pacific FIND A LOCATION NEAR YOU » “Quick Fact: Just over half (52%) of U.S. Special Olympics athletes over the age of 18 are employed; 54% of employed athletes work in sheltered workshops; 46% work in inclusive environments.4” Findings at a Glance Special Olympics conducts 44,000 competitions a year around the world. That is equal to, on average, 121 events every single day.  Special Olympics serves nearly 3.5 million athletes. The majority (69%) are school-aged; 30% are adults (22 years of age or older); the remaining 1% participate in the Young Athletes Program (2-7 years of age.)   Special Olympics is active in more than 170 countries with the largest percentage of athletes from East Asia (26%); followed by Asia Pacific, North America, Latin America and Europe/Eurasia .  Each year, 260,000 coaches and 700,000 volunteers support Special Olympics training, competition, and sports-related activities. Family's goals View Larger Regional Distribution View Larger Download the full-resolution image as a JPG or as an EPS file. Median Program Size View Larger Download the full-resolution image as a JPG or as an EPS file. Athlete Characteristics View Larger Download the full-resolution image as a JPG or as an EPS file. Search © Special Olympics * * * * Select a State Alabama Alaska American Samoa Arizona Arkansas Armed Forces Americas (except Canada) Armed Forces Eur., Mid. East, Africa, Canada Armed Forces Pacific California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia Federated States of Micronesia Florida Georgia Guam Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Marshall Islands Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Northern Mariana Islands Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Palau Pennsylvania Puerto Rico Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virgin Islands Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Select a Country United States Canada United Kingdom Australia Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Democratic Republic of The Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote d'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova, Republic of Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and The South Sandwich Islands Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan, Province of China Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States United States Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Viet Nam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Subscribe Welcome to Special Olympics International We are a global organization with programs in over 220 countries. This site may be customized by language and by geographic region. You may change these selections now (below) or at any time later by clicking the "Change" links in the upper right corner of the page. Languages العربية 中文 English Français Русский Español Regions Africa Asia-Pacific East-Asia Europe-Eurasia Latin-America Middle-East-North-Africa North America
http://specialolympicsnorthdakota.org/content/page/title/Sports
Special Olympics North Dakota About Us Board of Directors Our Mission Our Goals Contact Us Eligibility History Organizational Structure Strategic Plan Language Guidelines Calendar Get Involved Athletes Coaches Families Volunteers Find Your Local Program News Forms Sports Program Choices State Sport Events World Games National Games Coaches Information Unified Sports Support Us Make a Donation Special Events Memorials Wish List Sponsor Us Torch Run Get Involved with LETR History and Facts Polar Plunge Sponsorship Committee Agencies Unified Sports Unified Sports® is a program that combines approximately equal numbers of Special Olympics athletes and athletes without intellectual disabilities (called Partners) on sports teams for training and competition. Age and ability matching of athletes and Partners is defined on a sport-by-sport basis. Throughout the year, in a variety of sports ranging from bocce ball to soccer to volleyball, Unified Sports® athletes improve their physical fitness, sharpen their skills, challenge the competition and have fun, too. The concept of combining athletes with intellectual disablities and those without was first introduced by Special Olympics in the mid-1980s to provide another level of challenge for higher ability athletes and to promote equality and inclusion. Today, the initiative includes virtually all sports. Unified Sports® enables athletes to: Learn new sports, develop higher-level sports skills and have new competition experiences Experience a sense of meaningful inclusion, as each athlete is ensured of playing a valued role on the team Socialize with peers and form friendships (the initiative provides a forum for positive social interaction between teammates and often leads to long-lasting friendships) Participate in their communities and have choices outside of : Unified Sports® programs often are initiated by community partners, including Parks and Recreation Departments, schools,  and community sports organizations. These partnerships help further include athletes in their community. If you are interested in participating in the Unified Sports® program, please contact the SOND program office or an area director.   © 2014 Special Olympics North Dakota Raleigh Web Design by New Media Campaigns
http://www.sosc.org/AntelopeValley
Register Login My Fan Community E-Newsletter About Us Mission/Vision History Financials Careers Links Contact Us Ways to Help Donate Now Individual Giving Volunteer Shop to Help Sponsors Sports Find A Program Sports Offered Athletes Coaches School Partnerships Summer Games Fall Games USA Games World Games News News Releases Videos Photos Fact Sheet E-Newsletter Events All Events Fundraising Events Competitions Torch Run Events Torch Run About Torch Run Plane Pull Polar Plunge Runs Tip-A-Cops Torch Run Routes Local Programs Find a program in your area to join or support Search: Search Contact Us Deneese Thompson 661.945.6210 dthompson@sosc.org P.O. Box 214 Lancaster, CA 93584 Charity Golf Tournament Tee off and change a life at the Charity Golf Tournament benefiting Special Olympics Santa Clarita & Tri-Valley athletes. We will host this event at the Valencia Country Club on September 8. Antelope Valley Special Olympics Antelope Valley offers year-round sports training and competitions for athletes in Palmdale, Lancaster, and the surrounding communities. Special Olympics provides training for life. Our programs not only provide people with intellectual disabilities with physical fitness and athletic competition, but also social interaction, community involvement, empowerment. Volunteer Volunteer to coach, assist with sports or special events, or provide office help. Call 661.253.2121. Sports Offered Aquatics, Athletics, Basketball, Bocce, Bowling, Gymnastics, Softball, Tennis and Volleyball. More... Donate Your Vehicle Donate your car, truck, boat or RV to support our Antelope Valley athletes. Call toll free 866.244.8464. More... Upcoming Events View the Special Olympics Southern California Events Calendar for upcoming events. More... About Us Ways to Help Calendar Local Programs News Careers Resources Site Map Privacy Contact Us Home Created by the Joseph P. Kennedy, Jr. Foundation. Authorized and Accredited by Special Olympics, Inc. for the Benefit of Persons with Intellectual Disabilities. © 2008 - 2010 Special Olympics Southern California
http://www.sosc.org/page.aspx?pid=365
Register Login My Fan Community E-Newsletter About Us Mission/Vision History Financials Careers Links Contact Us Ways to Help Donate Now Individual Giving Volunteer Shop to Help Sponsors Sports Find A Program Sports Offered Athletes Coaches School Partnerships Summer Games Fall Games USA Games World Games News News Releases Videos Photos Fact Sheet E-Newsletter Events All Events Fundraising Events Competitions Torch Run Events Torch Run About Torch Run Plane Pull Polar Plunge Runs Tip-A-Cops Torch Run Routes Local Programs Find a program in your area to join or support Search: Search Contact Us Abbey Leffler Regional Director aleffler@sosc.org 951.703.6502 41880 Kalmia Street, #155 Murrieta, CA 92562 Fax: 951.461.0800   Desert Special Olympics Desert offers year-round sports training and competition programs for athletes from Palm Springs to Thermal. Special Olympics provides training for life. Our programs not only provide people with intellectual disabilities with physical fitness and athletic competition, but also social interaction, community involvement, and empowerment. Sports Offered Aquatics, Athletics, Basketball, Bocce, Bowling, Golf, Softball, Tennis. Athlete Application... Volunteer Volunteer to coach, assist with sports or special events, or provide office help. Contact Abbey Leffler at 951.703.6502. Upcoming Events View the Special Olympics Southern California Events Calendar for upcoming events. More... Donate Your Vehicle Donate your car, truck, RV or boat to support the Desert Area athletes. More...  About Us Ways to Help Calendar Local Programs News Careers Resources Site Map Privacy Contact Us Home Created by the Joseph P. Kennedy, Jr. Foundation. Authorized and Accredited by Special Olympics, Inc. for the Benefit of Persons with Intellectual Disabilities. © 2008 - 2010 Special Olympics Southern California
http://www.syracuse.com/news/index.ssf/2011/02/500_athletes_in_syracuse_this.html
syracuse.com Menu Home News Weather News Crime & Safety Opinion Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Photos Videos Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Obituaries Find&Save Local Businesses Place an Ad Site Index Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu News Home Local News Politics & Elections Business CNY Schools & Colleges U.S. & World Health & Science Lottery Obits Sean Kirst Back to Main Menu Weather Home Today's Forecast 5-Day Forecast School & Event Closures Back to Main Menu Crime & Safety Home Police Blotter Reported Crimes City of Syracuse North Suburbs & Oswego County East Suburbs & Madison County West Suburbs & Cayuga County CNY Traffic Back to Main Menu Opinion Home Editorial Board Your Opinions Submit Your Opinion Columnists InterFaith Works Opinions Back to Main Menu Sports Home Orange Basketball Orange Football Orange Lacrosse Orange Women Sports Orange Sports Buffalo Bills College Sports Minor League Sports Bud Poliquin Brent Axe CNY Road Races CNY Outdoors Scoreboards NFL NBA MLB NHL CNY & Pro Golf Motorsports TV Schedule Back to Main Menu Entertainment Home CNY Restaurants Movies Times & News CNY Events Calendar CNY Music Scene CNY Arts & Theater CNY Festivals CNY Tickets on Sale TV News & Listings New York State Fair Celebrity News Back to Main Menu Living Home Homes Food Tourism & Travel CNY Pets CNY Proms CNY Graduations CNY Celebration Announcements Comics Kingdom Puzzles & Games Back to Main Menu Photos Home Photo Essays Buy Photo Reprints Your Photos Back to Main Menu Videos Home News Videos Sports Videos High School Sports Videos Entertainment Videos Living Videos Back to Main Menu High School Sports Home Football Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Girls Swimming Girls Tennis Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Rowing Boys Gymnastics Girls Rowing Off Season Sports Back to High School Sports Menu Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Baseball Softball Boys Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Ice Hockey Boys Swimming Girls Volleyball Boys Volleyball Girls Gymnastics Wrestling Boys Bowling Competitive Cheer Boys Winter Track Girls Bowling Girls Ice Hockey Girls Winter Track Girls Skiing Boys Skiing Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Post-Standard Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location (Enter City and State or Zip Code) Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search syracuse.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to syracuse.com Remember me Forgot your username and password? Don't have an account? Register now for free, or sign in with any of these services: You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Favorite Schools expand Favorite Teams close Subscribe The Post-Standard Email Newsletters Mobile Apps comments 500 athletes in Syracuse this weekend for state Special Olympics Winter Games Print syracuse.com | The Post-Standard By syracuse.com | The Post-Standard The Post-Standard Follow on Twitter on February 03, 2011 at 5:48 PM, updated February 04, 2011 at 6:14 PM View/Post Comments Loading Photo Gallery This article written by contributing writer Lorenzo Arguello Syracuse, NY -- Mary Lee Chase wanted her 12-year-old autistic son to have friends, learn sportsmanship and exercise. But he did not fit in on a typical team, she said, so she enrolled him in Special Olympics. Her son, John Renzi, who is now 24, has been participating in both the summer and winter New York State games ever since. “My favorite part is being with my friends,” he said. “I like enjoying everything that’s going on at the event.” Renzi, from Eastwood, will be the goalie for the Onondaga Blues floor hockey team this weekend at the New York State Special Olympics Winter Games in Syracuse. He is one of more than 500 athletes from across the state in town for the competitions. The opening ceremonies are at 7 p.m. today at the Oncenter, including a parade of athletes and a lighting of a cauldron. On Saturday, the games’ six events will be held at five locations, including floor hockey at the Oncenter, snowshoeing at Thornden Park and alpine skiing at Toggenburg Mountain. Registration begins at 8:30 a.m. Saturday, with the competitions getting under way at 9 a.m. and ending around 2 p.m. with a closing ceremony at each location. If you go... The New York State Special Olympics Winter Games will be held in Syracuse on Friday and Saturday. All the events are open to the public: Friday 7 p.m.: Opening ceremonies, Oncenter Saturday 9 a.m. to 2 p.m.: Floor hockey, Oncenter, 800 S. State St., Syracuse Figure skating and speed skating , War Memorial, 515 Montgomery St., Syracuse Alpine skiing, Toggenburg Mountain, 1135 Toggenburg Rd., Fabius Nordic skiing at Highland Forest, Highland Park Rd., Fabius Snowshoeing, Thornden Park, S. Beach St., Syracuse More information: www.specialolympicsny.org So far more than 700 volunteers have signed up to help, but organizers expect more than 1,000 people when the events get under way, said Melissa Fleischmann, chair of the public relations committee for the games. Three hundred of the volunteers are part of a group known as “fans in the stands.” Each location will have a fan station where these volunteers can get pom-poms and make signs so they can cheer on the athletes. Anyone wishing to be a fan can show up at one of the locations on Saturday morning and sign up. An Olympic Village will be available to athletes and coaches at the Oncenter on Saturday. It will include free dental screenings from the Onondaga County Dental Society, food provided by Wegmans, and a big screen television with a Nintendo Wii. Opening ceremonies will feature a performance by the City of Syracuse Highland Pipe Band. Although he is busy preparing for floor hockey, Renzi is also a member of the band, so he will play the bagpipes on Friday night. Renzi taught himself how to play when he was 18 and his mother credits the games for it. “If it wasn’t for Special Olympics I don’t know that Johnny would’ve matured enough to be in the band,” she said. “We’re so lucky to be able to have this experience.” Lorenzo Arguello can be reached at larguello@syracuse.com or 470-2259. View/Post Comments Related Stories Law enforcement torch run honors fallen state trooper Breanna Stewart, home for most of the summer, lends support to Special Olympics Share Your Pics Your #cnyweather photos Share your best weather pics on syracuse.com! Just post them on Instagram with the hashtag #cnyweather or #syrweather. ... See photos» Crime in Central NY Police Blotter Search for arrests by Syracuse and Central New York law enforcement agencies and local New York State Police. Map Onondaga County reported crimes Crime database: A look at local stats Crime & Safety forum More Crime & Safety news » Photo of the Day Project Children See All Photo Galleries Syracuse and CNY Photo Essays Videos by The Post-Standard More News Topics Sean Kirst: Read his latest columns Opinion: Editorials, letters & more CNY Obituaries Active Discussions Most Read Best of syracuse.com 19th century grandeur in Watertown Thibodeau claims his innocence Mayor holds meetings about migrant children About Us Advertise with us Jobs at Syracuse Media Group Contact Us Blogs Photo Reprints Submit a Press Release Subscriptions The Post-Standard (home + digital delivery) Email Newsletters syracuse.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on syracuse.com Forums Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sitemap & search Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2014 Syracuse Media Group All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Syracuse Media Group Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Contact interactivity management. Ad Choices
