http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-12311007
')}; })(); /**/ For a better experience on your device, try our mobile site. Cookies on the BBC website We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. We also use cookies to ensure we show you advertising that is relevant to you. If you continue without changing your settings, we'll assume that you are happy to receive all cookies on the BBC website. However, if you would like to, you can change your cookie settings at any time. Continue Find out more Accessibility links Skip to content Skip to local navigation Accessibility Help BBC navigation News Sport Weather Capital Future Shop TV Radio More… Search term: Middle East Home US & Canada Latin America UK Africa Asia Europe Mid-East Business Health Sci/Environment Tech Entertainment Video 28 January 2011 Last updated at 16:32 ET Share this page Delicious Digg Facebook reddit StumbleUpon Twitter Email Print Egypt protests: Curfew in cities as army deployed Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play. Protesters have defied the curfew and begun setting vehicles and buildings alight Continue reading the main story Egypt in transition Mystery man One year on Power cut Egypt's cure? Egypt has extended its curfew to all cities as anti-government demonstrators in Cairo besiege key buildings, including the foreign ministry and the state broadcaster. The headquarters of the governing NDP party has been set ablaze. President Hosni Mubarak, facing the biggest challenge to his authority of his 31 years in power, has ordered the army onto the streets of Cairo. Earlier, it was announced he would make a statement, but he is yet to appear. BBC security correspondent Frank Gardner said: "Every minute that goes by without the president making that address to the nation makes him look weaker and will convince people he is losing his grip." At least 18 protesters - 13 in Suez and five in Cairo - were killed in the violence on Friday, medical sources said. That brings the death toll to at least 26 since the protests began on Tuesday. An unconfirmed report from the Reuters news agency said as many as 1,030 people may have been injured on Friday. Military helicopters Across the country, tens of thousands of protesters turned out after Friday prayers and clashed with police. Continue reading the main story Analysis Frank Gardner BBC security correspondent Up until now, President Mubarak has enjoyed the support of the armed forces. He was, after all, a career air force officer suddenly catapulted to the presidency when Anwar Sadat was assassinated in 1981. But if these protests continue and intensify, there are bound to be senior voices within the military tempted to urge him to stand down. This is the most serious popular challenge to his 30-year rule that anyone can remember. Egypt's army: The deciding factor The curfew is now in effect, but live television pictures from Cairo continue to show large crowds on the streets. Correspondents in Cairo say military helicopters are circling overhead. Some of those breaking the curfew targeted the state broadcasting building, which is guarded by the armed forces. Also targeted was the headquarters of the ruling NDP party - a major symbol of President Mubarak's rule regime. The BBC's Wyre Davies reported from Cairo that there was no sign of the police or military as the building was enveloped in flames. Demonstrators have been cheering for the army, while the latter is not getting into confrontations with the people, correspondents say. Internet and phone services - both mobile and landline - have been severely disrupted, although protesters are using proxies to work around the restrictions. Mobile operator Vodafone Egypt said in a statement that it was obliged by law to suspend services at the request of the authorities. Reports say Egyptian opposition figure Mohamed ElBaradei has been placed under house arrest. Earlier, he was soaked by water cannon and surrounded by police as he joined protesters on the streets of Cairo. In Sinai, BBC Arabic said its sources reported that Bedouins were besieging a police station and armed men had taken control of the road leading to Rafah, in the Palestinian territory of Gaza. Continue reading the main story “Start Quote There seems little doubt the US administration is playing catch-up, and is in a very awkward position” End Quote Mark Mardell BBC North America editor Mardell's America: Obama's caution on Egypt is winning no friends US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has appealed to Egypt to do "everything" to restrain the security forces, urging the government to reverse its block on mobile phone and internet communications. She also said the protesters should not use violence. The US counts Egypt as an ally in the Middle East and has so far been cautious about taking sides. However, White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said Washington would review its aid to Egypt based on events in the coming days. Egypt is the fourth largest recipient of American aid, after Afghanistan, Pakistan and Israel. Meanwhile, the US is advising its citizens to avoid non-essential travel to Egypt, and several airlines - including Egyptian and BA - have cancelled or rescheduled flights. Inspired by Tunisia The unrest follows an uprising in Tunisia two weeks ago, in which President Zine al-Abidine Ben Ali was toppled after 23 years in power. Egypt has many of the same social and political problems that brought about the unrest in Tunisia - rising food prices, high unemployment and anger at official corruption. After Friday prayers, tens of thousands of people joined protests in Cairo and other cities to demand the end of Mr Mubarak's 30-year rule. They shouted, "Down, down with Mubarak" and, "The people want the regime to fall". At several locations, riot police responded by firing rubber bullets and tear gas, and by using water cannon. BBC Arabic reporter Assad Sawey, in Cairo, said he was arrested and beaten by plainclothes policemen. "They took my camera away and when they arrested me, they started beating me with steel bars, the ones used here for slaughtering animals," he said. The BBC condemned the assault, saying it was a deliberate attack by police against which the BBC would forcefully protest. "It is vital that all journalists, whether from the BBC or elsewhere, are allowed to do their job of bringing accurate, impartial eye witness reports to audiences around the world without fear," said BBC Global News Director Peter Horrocks. There were also reports of clashes between protesters and police in Alexandria, Mansoura and Aswan, as well as Minya and Assiut south of Cairo, and al-Arish in the Sinai peninsula. Flashpoints Cairo: protests almost daily for the past week Alexandria: man set himself on fire on 19 January. Protesters tore down President Mubarak's picture on Tuesday Suez: protesters set fire to a government building after officials refused to release a body from the mortuary Ismailiya: clashes between protesters and police on Thursday Mansoura: protests reported on F4riday More on This Story Egypt in transition Features and Analysis Mystery man Egyptians uncertain about future under President Sisi One year on Power cut Egypt's cure? Sisi - in 60 secs Watch Old guard's new face 'One-horse race' Voters' views V for Sisi? Watch Sisi's speech: Full text Selling Sisi Media on trial Authoritarianism fears Q&A: Morsi trial Years of turmoil Officials in the dock Bowen: From euphoria to tragedy Making of Gen Sisi Profiles Abdul Fattah al-Sisi Hamdeen Sabahi Mohammed Morsi Muslim Brotherhood Who is who in the Brotherhood Hosni Mubarak Key players in crisis Tamarod movement Adly Mansour National Salvation Front Guides Tour pro-Morsi protest camp Protest timeline Map timeline Protests map Country by country protests From other news sites Mail Online UK Egypt protests: U.S. advises all Americans to leave 1 hr ago Financial Times* US and Turkey evacuate nationals 3 hrs ago The Sun 100 dead in bloody Egypt turmoil 11:15 3 hrs ago France24 EGYPT: Egyptians defend their homes from looters after another day of violent demonstrations 5 hrs ago Korea Herald Egypt in chaos, eyes on army 6 hrs ago About these results * May require registration or subscription Related Internet links UK Foreign Office Egypt travel advice The BBC is not responsible for the content of external Internet sites Share this page Delicious Digg Facebook reddit StumbleUpon Twitter Email Print More Middle East stories RSS Israel rejects Gaza ceasefire plan Israel's security cabinet rejects the Gaza ceasefire proposal put forward by the US Secretary of State John Kerry, Israeli officials say. Isis 'overruns' Syrian military base American reporter held in Iran Top stories Israel rejects Gaza ceasefire plan 'No survivors' in Air Algerie crash Russia angry at US 'smear campaign' Isis 'overruns' Syrian military base S Leone hunts seized Ebola patient Features & Analysis Witch hunt The country where a writer accused of blasphemy must run News quiz Which city serves the strongest cup of coffee? Something's fishy Scientist claims 'child prodigy' getting credit for his discovery 'War porn'? Support - and disdain - for women posting sexy selfies for the IDF Most Popular Shared 1: Wikipedia blocks US Congress edits 2: Wildlife loss link to child slavery 3: A country where liberal journalists risk death 4: Isis 'overruns' Syrian military base 5: Astrology can aid healthcare - MP Read 1: Hamill: Star Wars return 'a gift' 2: Israel rejects Gaza peace plan 3: Russia angry at US 'smear campaign' 4: Homeowner kills 'pregnant burglar' 5: US manhunt for tuberculosis patient 6: Isis 'overruns' Syrian military base 7: Wikipedia blocks US Congress edits 8: 'No survivors' in Air Algerie crash 9: How odd is a cluster of plane accidents? 10: Sexy selfies in support of IDF Video/Audio 2: Gillan denies Star Wars wig claims Watch 3: Gaza baby delivered from dead mother Watch 4: Mark Hamill on new Star Wars Watch 5: One-minute World News Watch 6: Hamas leader: 'Bloodshed should end' Watch 7: Meet the 'Women Against Feminism' Watch 8: Left behind in 'dead' Ukraine city Watch 9: Scorpion fighter jet goes on show Watch 10: Gaza shelter attack 'shocking' Watch Elsewhere on the BBC Hidden rail trip Canada's tiny, two-car shuttle is a train lover's dream with scenic views Programmes HARDtalk Watch BBC exclusive: Hamas leader on the eagerness to end bloodshed in Gaza Services  Mobile  Connected TV  News feeds  Alerts  E-mail news About BBC News Editors' blog BBC College of Journalism News sources Media Action Editorial Guidelines BBC links Mobile site Terms of Use About the BBC Advertise With Us Privacy Accessibility Help Ad Choices Cookies Contact the BBC Parental Guidance BBC © 2014 The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read more. This page is best viewed in an up-to-date web browser with style sheets (CSS) enabled. While you will be able to view the content of this page in your current browser, you will not be able to get the full visual experience. Please consider upgrading your browser software or enabling style sheets (CSS) if you are able to do so. More… Full A-Z of BBC sites CBBC CBeebies Comedy Food History Learning Music Science Nature Local Travel News
http://www.cnn.com/2011/WORLD/africa/01/30/egypt.protests/
SET EDITION:  U.S. INTERNATIONAL MÉXICO ARABIC TV:   CNN CNNi CNN en Español HLN Sign up Log in Home TV & Video U.S. World Politics Justice Entertainment Tech Health Living Travel Opinion iReport Money Sports Share this on: Mixx Facebook Twitter Digg delicious reddit MySpace StumbleUpon LinkedIn Egypt's protesters defy curfew, surround opposition figure By the CNN Wire Staff <\/a>');} STORY HIGHLIGHTS NEW: Mubarak urges new government to "dialogue with all the political parties" Charter flights will begin taking thousands of Americans out of Cairo Mohamed ElBaradei: "What we started can never be pushed back" Editor's Note: This article is being updated constantly by CNN reporters worldwide. Follow the latest tweets from CNN correspondents and images from the protests. Send your video, images to CNN iReport. On CNN at 9 p.m. ET Monday, "Piers Morgan Tonight" brings you the latest developments from CNN correspondents on the ground in Egypt. Then at 10 p.m. ET on "AC360º," Anderson Cooper reports live from Cairo with firsthand accounts of what's happening, and where the situation might go from here. Don't miss CNN prime time Monday, starting at 9 p.m. ET. Cairo, Egypt (CNN) -- The U.S. plans to begin flying thousands of Americans out of the country on Monday, a day after the government's call for protesters to obey a curfew, plus low-flying fighter jets overhead did nothing to deter thousands of Egyptians from continuing their protests into Sunday night. Crowds surrounded Mohamed ElBaradei, a leading opposition figure, as he walked into Cairo's Tahrir Square on Sunday. Throngs of people cheered his arrival. Sunday's protests appeared to be mostly peaceful, with signs of increasing cooperation between the army and civilians in the face of looting and threats of violence from criminal elements. ElBaradei told protesters Sunday that he came "to participate today in the lives of Egyptians. Today I look into the eyes of each one of you, and everyone is different today. Today you are an Egyptian demanding your rights and freedom, and what we started can never be pushed back. As we said, we have one main demand: the end of the regime and to start a new phase." In a CNN interview earlier, ElBaradei called on Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak to "leave today and save the country." Gunfire heard after curfew Looting, chaos in Egypt Protesters balk at flyover ElBaradei addresses demonstrators "This is a country that is falling apart," ElBaradei told CNN's "Fareed Zakaria GPS." He said he has been "authorized -- mandated -- by the people who organized these demonstrations ... to agree on a national unity government." ElBaradei, a former head of the International Atomic Energy Agency, is one of several opposition figures whose name surfaces when protesters talk about possible future leaders of Egypt. Among other names is Amr Moussa, head of the Arab League. But Mubarak has given no indications of giving up his 30-year rule. On Sunday, Mubarak urged the leaders of his new government to undertake "dialogue with all the political parties," according to a reading of his remarks on state-run Nile TV. Mubarak said that dialogue "will accomplish democracy and to make the parties have more participation to help us achieve a democratic civil society." The president charged the new cabinet, to be shaped by newly appointed Prime Minister Ahmed Shafiq, to restore security in the country, along with Egyptians' faith in their country's economy. Mubarak also appeared to criticize the Muslim Brotherhood, the country's largest opposition bloc. "The citizens and the young people of Egypt have gone out to the streets in peaceful demonstration asking for their right for the freedom of speech," Mubarak said. "However, their demonstrations have been infiltrated by a group of people who use the name of religion who don't take into consideration the constitution rights and citizenship values." Mubarak had earlier vowed to listen to the protesters' message and fired his entire Cabinet on Saturday. On Sunday, Mubarak, 82, visited an armed services operations center, Nile TV reported. Mubarak was following up on the security situation and showing support for the military, a report said. Sunday's demonstrations at times felt like a music festival, with people cheering, chatting and posing for pictures with members of the military in their tanks. The army had been deployed to replace police forces that had clashed brutally with demonstrators. iReporter on conditions in Cairo Alexandria: No to Mubarak! Egypt shuts down Al-Jazeera bureau At a glance: Nations facing unrest RELATED TOPICS Egypt Cairo North Africa Middle East Hosni Mubarak Mohamed ElBaradei However, the Interior Ministry ordered police back onto some streets, a move that angered protesters, said Heba Fatma Morayef, a Human Rights Watch researcher in Tahrir Square. The army remained in control of the square, she said. Some residents picked up the slack for police in areas surrounding the protests -- offering to clean up trash, for example. Medical personnel worked their way through the crowd, seeing if anyone needed help. "The square has emptied out since the afternoon, but it's still a great atmosphere, a sense of solidarity and very well-behaved -- people are sitting around bonfires, or walking around picking up rubbish," Morayef said. "Crowds who find occasional looters drag them over to the soldiers and hand them over." Several thousand people remained in the square Sunday night, and many said they plan to stay in place until Mubarak resigns, Morayef said. Charter flights will begin taking thousands of government dependents, nonessential employees and private American citizens out of Cairo on Monday, U.S. Assistant Secretary of State Janice L. Jacobs said Sunday. Officials are looking at Istanbul, Turkey; Nicosia, Cyprus; and Athens, Greece, as possible destinations, although the list was not finalized Sunday afternoon, she said. The staff of the Cairo Embassy has been closed indefinitely but has a 24-7 task force and call centers and has been overwhelmed by inquiries, Jacobs said. Turkey sent two planes to Egypt on Sunday to begin evacuation of its citizens, Turkish foreign ministry spokesman Selcuk Una said. In Alexandria, machine gun fire could be heard overhead as thousands of protesters marched down streets Sunday night, CNN's Nic Robertson reported. Gunfire could also be heard in several locations in Cairo, including in front of the Egyptian Museum. With the world's attention focused on their efforts, the protesters issued two central demands: that the regime that has run Egypt for years face a trial and that the Constitution be changed. Many expressed optimism that they will succeed. "This is the start of the rest of my life," one jubilant young man who appeared to be in his 20s told CNN. "As cheesy as it sounds, that's exactly how I feel right now." He added that he had been concerned there wouldn't be enough people "to deter any threat -- either by police or by the army. Now, it's definitely over." Ali Regal, a student activist leader in Alexandria, said that the military is working closely with "the masses" -- including demonstrators -- to coordinate security. He said that organizers were mapping out a plan to set up checkpoints around the port city. "The army is very helpful and working with us," Regal told Robertson. "There is a strong cooperation between the masses and the army. That's what I can tell so far." Mohammed Sidky, an Egyptian-American who recently moved back to Cairo, said residents were banding together to fill the security void with the military's help. Sidky said the military had increased its presence in Cairo on Sunday, with more tanks and soldiers in the streets, and that some neighborhood watch groups who catch alleged criminals call the military, which had been responding to the scene within 20 or 30 minutes. "So this is a sense of security to us, and it is ... working together, the military and the citizens," Sidky said. Egyptian Ambassador to the United States Sameh Shoukry told CNN on Sunday, "The situation seems to be improving slightly in terms of security for private and public property." "The military has achieved some positive results in rounding up some of the prison escapees and in providing security in neighborhoods," he added. A military representative appeared on Nile TV Sunday and called on Egyptians to obey the curfew "to make it possible for us to capture the outlaws," according to a translation of the comments. The representative also asked Egyptians to quickly report "the whereabouts of those individuals committing thug actions." Whether the 450,000-strong armed forces -- deployed to the streets for the first time since the mid-1980s -- will remain loyal to Mubarak is a key question for the nation's future. More than 3,000 people have been arrested so far, including some looters and escaped prisoners, Nile TV reported. Still, fear of anarchy and looting lingered Sunday. Shops and businesses were looted, and abandoned police stations were stripped clean of their arsenals. Sidky estimated that 95 percent of businesses in Cairo were closed. A body was found in front of the country's Interior Ministry Sunday morning, but there was no police presence nearby. In a statement carried by state television, Gen. Mohamad Tantawi, the defense minister in the sacked Egyptian government, urged the public to obey the 4 p.m.-8 a.m. curfew (9 a.m.-1 a.m. ET). The curfew time on Monday will begin an hour earlier, at 3 p.m. (8 a.m. ET), and last until 8 a.m. (1 a.m. ET), Nile TV reported. Tantawi was escorted to the network's headquarters by red-helmeted troops in a convoy of sport-utility vehicles. Later, Egyptian TV stations showed him walking in the streets of Cairo checking on troops. Fighter jets began flying low over the crowd of tens of thousands minutes before the curfew was to begin. The jets flew so low, according to CNN staffers on the ground, that their cockpits could be seen. A group of Egyptian troops fired warning shots at a car that tried to run a barricade around Tahrir Square, but the vehicle made it through the barricade and escaped, according to CNN photographer Joe Duran. One of the biggest concerns of many Egyptians in the wake of the chaos -- that prisoners could escape -- proved true this weekend. Nile TV said some prisoners broke out of Abu Zaabal prison in Cairo, though it was not immediately clear how many. At the Ataa prison in Al Badrashin, a town in Giza, some prisoners broke out too. Roughly 1,000 inmates escaped from Prison Demu in Fayoum, southwest of Cairo, Nile TV reported early Sunday. The military representative on Nile TV Sunday asked "those individuals who have escaped from prisons ... (to) quickly give themselves up to the nearest police station or the armed forces in the streets." Cell phone and mobile Internet service appeared to have returned, but word of a possible new crackdown on communication emerged Sunday. Egypt's Information Ministry announced that it was revoking Al-Jazeera's license and withdrawing accreditation of the network's staff, state media reported. "The closing of our bureau by the Egyptian government is aimed at censoring and silencing the voices of the Egyptian people," the Al-Jazeera network said in a statement. The network's Arabic-language channel was off the air in Egypt Sunday afternoon, but Al Jazeera English was still on the air. Mubarak appointed his trusted and powerful intelligence chief, Omar Suleiman, as his deputy on Saturday, the first time the authoritarian regime has had such a post. Suleiman is well respected by the military and is credited with crushing an Islamic insurgency in the 1990s, for which he earned the ear of Western intelligence officials thirsting for vital information about regional terrorist groups. Suleiman had a meeting Sunday with the head of the military and the interior minister, Egyptian TV network ESC reported. The protests come weeks after similar disturbances sparked a revolution in Tunisia, forcing then-President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali to flee the country. Both Egypt and Tunisia have seen dramatic rises in the cost of living in recent years and accusations of corruption among the ruling elite. Tunisia-inspired demonstrations have also taken place in Algeria, Yemen and Jordan. The Egyptian crisis reverberated across the world, with activists in cities including New York, Toronto and Geneva staging protests Saturday in support of those in Egypt, demanding that Mubarak step down. The aging president has ruled Egypt with an iron fist for three decades, and it was widely believed he was grooming his son, Gamal, as his successor -- a plan now complicated by demands for democracy. CNN's Ben Wedeman, Frederik Pleitgen, Ivan Watson, Housam Ahmed, Caroline Faraj, Saad Abedine and journalist Ian Lee contributed to this report Share this on: Mixx Facebook Twitter Digg delicious reddit MySpace StumbleUpon LinkedIn FOLLOW THIS TOPIC We recommend From around the web Part of complete coverage on Unrest in the Arab World 'Sons of Mubarak' in plea for respect Pro-Mubarak supporters believe Egypt's former president is innocent of charges of corruption and killing protesters. Timeline of the conflict in Libya Fighting in Libya started with anti-government demonstrations in February and escalated into a nationwide civil war. Who are these rebels? After months of seeming stalemate, Libyan rebels declared they were moving in on Tripoli. But who are they? Why NATO's Libya mission has shifted Six months and more than 17,000 air sorties after it began, NATO's Operation Unified Protector in the skies over Libya grinds on. Interactive map: Arab unrest Click on countries in CNN's interactive map to see the roots of their unrest and where things stand today. Send your videos, stories Are you in the Middle East or North Africa? Send iReport your images. Don't do anything that could put you at risk. Libya through Gadhafi's keyhole Behind the official smiles for the cameras some people in Libya's capital are waiting for the rebels, reports CNN's Ivan Watson. How Arab youth found its voice Tunisia's Mohamed Bouazizi not only ignited a series of revolts but heralded the first appearance of Arab youth on the stage of modern history. NewsPulse Most popular stories right now Smart people buy generic brands Your personal information just isn't safe Introducing the $7.76 Big Mac What it really takes to be a great boss For sale: Town of Aladdin, Wyo., for $1.5 million Explore the news with NewsPulse »     Healthcare Jobs Sales and Marketing Jobs Finance Jobs Quick Job Search   Job type ----------------- Accounting Admin & Clerical Automotive Banking Biotech Broadcast - Journalism Business Development Construction Consultant Customer Service Design Distribution - Shipping Education Engineering Entry Level - New Grad Executive Facilities Finance General Business General Labor Government Grocery Healthcare Hotel - Hospitality Human Resources Information Technology Installation - Maint - Repair Insurance Inventory Legal Legal Admin Management Manufacturing Marketing Nurse Other Pharmacy Professional Services Purchasing - Procurement QA - Quality Control Research Restaurant - Food Service Retail Sales Science Skilled Labor - Trades Strategy - Planning Supply Chain Telecomm Training Transportation Warehouse State ------- AL AK AZ AR CA CO CT DE DC FL GA HI ID IL IN IA KS KY LA ME MD MA MI MN MS MO MT NE NV NH NJ NM NY NC ND OH OK OR PA PR RI SC SD TN TX UT VT VA WA WV WI WY   more options »         Home | Video | U.S. | World | Politics | Justice | Entertainment | Tech | Health | Living | Travel | Opinion | iReport | Money | Sports Tools & widgets | RSS | Podcasts | Blogs | CNN mobile | My profile | E-mail alertsCNN shop | Site map | Contact us CNN en ESPAÑOL | CNN México | CNN Chile | CNN Expansión | | | CNN TV | HLN | Transcripts © 2014 Cable News Network. Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of service | Privacy guidelines | Ad choices | Advertise with us | About us | Work for us | Help CNN Newsource | License Footage
http://www.nbcnews.com/id/41307908/ns/world_news-mideast_n_africa/t/egyptian-military-deploys-cairo-under-curfew/
Jump to story headline MSN Outlook More Autos My MSN Video Careers & Jobs Personals Weather Delish Quotes White Pages Games Real Estate Wonderwall Horoscopes Shopping Yellow Pages Local Edition Traffic Feedback Maps & Directions Travel Full MSN Index Bing NBCNews.com sites & shows: TODAY Nightly News Meet the Press Dateline Morning Joe Hardball Ed Maddow The Last Word msnbc Want more world news? Join us on Facebook | Follow us on Twitter Home US World Politics Business Sports Entertainment Health Tech Science Travel Local Weather Mideast & N. Africa on NBCNews.com Search Advertise Egyptian military deploys in Cairo under curfew Ruling party HQ ablaze; protesters climb on tanks in Suez; Nobel Prize winner under house arrest Below: x Jump to text Chaos engulfed Egypt Friday as protesters seized the str... text x Jump to photos Farewell Friday photos x Jump to discuss comments below discuss x Next story in Mideast & N. Africa related Advertise Video: Engel: Mubarak regime restores cellphone service Open in new window KHALED DESOUKI  /  AFP - Getty Images Egyptian demonstrators demanding the ouster of President Hosni Mubarak, wave the national flag as they greet members of his guard deploying outside the national TV building in Cairo on Friday. NBC, msnbc.com and news services Print Font: + - breaking news CAIRO, Jan. 28 — Chaos engulfed Egypt Friday as protesters seized the streets of the capital, battling police with stones, bottles and firebombs and burning down the ruling party headquarters. The peak of four days of unrest posed the most dire threat to President Hosni Mubarak in his three decades of authoritarian rule. The Egyptian government planned to announce an "important matter" to the nation late Friday evening. NBC News' Richard Engel reported that a group of luxury sedans, under heavy guard, had traveled to Cairo airport's VIP lounge, and a short time later three private jets had left the country.  Demonstrators were trying to storm the foreign ministry and the state TV building in Cairo, The Associated Press reported. Violent clashes were also reported near the Egyptian parliament. Television images showed several buildings in Cairo, including the headquarters of the ruling party, ablaze. Flames also threatened the Egyptian National Museum, where Army units secured the building with spectacular  treasures such as the death mask of the boy king Tutankhamun. Young men could be seen forming a human barricade in front of the museum to protect it. Friday saw demonstrations across the country, which continued despite a 13-hour military curfew which began at 6 p.m. local time (11 a.m. ET). It initially covered the cities of Cairo, Suez and Alexandria, but was later extended to cover all cities. Advertise Advertise Advertise Demonstrators stayed on the streets in defiance of security forces, some mounting armored cars, cheering and waving flags. Others around the city looted banks, smashed cars, tore down street signs and pelted armored riot police vehicles with paving stones torn from roadways. Video: Police battle protesters in Egypt  (on this page) Egyptian medical sources said 13 people had been killed in protests in the eastern city of Suez on Friday and 75 wounded, medical sources said. They did not specify whether they were protesters or police who were killed, or how they died. They said 1,030 had been wounded in the protests in Cairo, up from an earlier estimate of 870.   Nobel Peace laureate Mohamed ElBaradei was put under house arrest after he joined a march earlier in the day. He and scores of protesters were forced to seek refuge in a mosque after police used water cannons and tear gas. There were also reports that protesters had taken control of central areas of Suez and Alexandria. 'Deep concern' The U.S. State Department said that the situation was of "deep concern," adding that "reform is vital." Secretary of State Hillary Clinton appealed for the government to allow peaceful protests and for the people on the streets to "refrain from violence." White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs reiterated calls for restraint and said that the Pentagon has been in direct contact with the Egyptian military to caution restraint. Gibbs said President Barack Obama had not spoken with the Egyptian president. Asked why not, Gibbs said that "we're monitoring a very fluid situation." The U.S. also warned citizens to avoid non-essential travel to Egypt and urged Americans in the country to stay put. Egypt's national carrier said it had also suspended its flights from Cairo for 12 hours. European airlines also modified their schedules for flights to and from Egypt, canceling some services, due to the curfew. Story: Obama to Mubarak: Don't use force on your people Shortly after the curfew began, BBC News reported that tanks had moved in to Suez and Cairo. Advertise Advertise Advertise Engel said people were in "open revolt" on the streets of Cairo. Engel said many people were praying in the streets, "daring" the police to move against them and enforce the curfew. After the army moved in, Engel said the troops appeared to be taking "almost no action to stop these protests, to enforce this curfew." He said some demonstrators even greeted army personnel, urging them to join the protest. "A scene that could become iconic of the day is unfolding right below me. There's an army APC, an armored personnel carrier. Instead of firing on the protesters or pushing them back, it has been surrounded by protesters … one person is standing on top of it, waving an Egyptian flag," he told msnbc TV. Some protesters and police embraced, many nodded in agreement or said they would join demonstrators. One police officer raised his fingers in a "V for a victory" sign. Others shouted words of encouragement and apologies at each other. "You must join us," one demonstrator shouted at a security officer. "We need you and we are in this together, my brother." The officer nodded his head, saying: "Of course I will." Story: WikiLeaks: Mubarak lets Egyptians suffer to avoid 'chaos' Engel said the demonstrators also did not want to confront the army and realized the Tunisian government had fallen when its army refused to stop the protests. However, Egyptian state television said the military would work in tandem with the police to get people off the streets. "According to what some provinces witnessed in terms of riots, lawlessness, looting, destruction, attack and burning of public and private property including attacks on banks and hotels, President Hosni Mubarak decreed a curfew as a military ruler," a state TV announcer said. Revolt The protests began when groups of thousands of protesters gathered at at least six venues in Cairo, a city of about 18 million people, and then marched toward major squares and crossed Nile bridges. At several confrontation points, police used rubber bullets, batons, water cannons and tear gas against the stone-throwing demonstrators. Advertise Advertise Advertise ElBaradei, who took to the streets Friday for the first time since his return to Egypt on Thursday, was walking with one group when clashes broke out with police. They used batons to beat some of his supporters, who surrounded ElBaradei to protect him. He and protesters were soaked with water cannons and eventually were forced to take refuge in a mosque, where they were trapped by riot police. Inside the mosque, ElBaradei was prevented from leaving by tear gas. The canisters set several cars ablaze outside and several people fainted and suffered burns. Slideshow: Egypt Under Siege (on this page) "We are the ones who will bring change," said 21-year-old Ahmed Sharif, one of scores who were with ElBaradei. "If we do nothing, things will get worse. Change must come," he screamed through a surgical mask he wore to ward off the tear gas. 'Oppression is growing' Abeer Ahmed, a 31-year-old woman who showed up for ElBaradei with her toddler, said she has a law degree but makes a living cleaning homes. "Nothing good is left in the country," she said. "Oppression is growing." ElBaradei later attempted to march again with supporters chanting "peaceful, peaceful." Slideshow: Egypt's Mubarak steps down (on this page) Hours later, it emerged he was under house arrest. Police stationed outside his suburban Cairo home told him he could not leave the building. It was unclear how he got there. Speaking to Reuters, one witness described blood streaming from people with head wounds and others collapsing to the ground. Other witnesses gave similar descriptions. Al-Jazeera also said opposition politician Ayman Nour, who ran in the 2005 presidential election, was hurt. Citing his son, the station said the politician was in intensive care after being hit on the head by a rock. In Suez, Al-Jazeera reported at least five tanks moved in after the crowd chased away police from the central area of the city. Advertise Advertise Advertise Dozens of protesters climbed onto the tanks, a Reuters witness said, and tried to talk to the soldiers. One tank had about 25 protesters on it, the witness said. Related content World Blog: Watching Egypt's protests Egyptian bloggers brave police intimidation Democracy leader returns to lead protests NYT: Egypt's 'impatient' young threaten Mubarak Egypt may be blocking Twitter, Facebook Tunisia issues arrest warrant for ousted dictator The troops tried to wave them off and residents also told Reuters that soldiers had opened fire. It was not immediately possible to confirm their reports. Earlier in Suez, the body of a protester was carried through the streets. "They have killed my brother," one of the demonstrators shouted. There was also a report that protesters had overcome the police in the Mediterranean port city of Alexandria. Story: Egypt's young seize role of key opposition to Mubarak The Guardian newspaper quoted Peter Bouckaert, of Human Rights Watch, as saying: "The police have now given up fighting the protesters. The police and protesters are now talking, with protesters bringing water and vinegar (for tear gas) to the police. "Now walking down to downtown Alexandria, the whole road is packed as far as we can see, people shouting slogans against Mubarak and his son Gamal ... asking others to join them," he added. "It is a very festive atmosphere. Women in veils, old men, children, I even saw a blind man being led. And there are no police anywhere." 'I want a better future' There were smaller protests in Assiut, which is located south of Cairo, and al-Arish in the Sinai peninsula. Regional television stations were reporting clashes between thousands of demonstrators and police in Alexandria and Minya, which is south of Cairo. "It's time for this government to change," said Amal Ahmed, a 22-year-old protester. "I want a better future for me and my family when I get married." Friday's protest were by far the largest and most violent since they began Tuesday. Story: Egypt shows how easily Internet can be silenced Demonstrators are demanding 82-year-old Mubarak's ouster and venting their rage at years of government neglect of rampant poverty, unemployment and rising food prices. The protesters have said they are emboldened by the uprising in Tunisia, another north African Arab nation. Story: Tunisia security forces chase Islamist protesters With two-thirds of Egypt's 79 million people under the age of 30 and with many frustrated by largely toothless opposition parties, many of Egypt's youth have turned to the digital sphere as one of the few channels available to express their anger. The attempts to sever the protesters lines of communication did not prevent tens of thousands from flooding the streets. NBC News, msnbc.com staff, The Associated Press and Reuters contributed to this report. Show more text Photos: Farewell Friday Open in new window loading photos... previous next jump to photo #0 jump to photo #1 jump to photo #2 jump to photo #3 jump to photo #4 jump to photo #5 jump to photo #6 jump to photo #7 jump to photo #8 jump to photo #9 jump to photo #10 jump to photo #11 jump to photo #12 jump to photo #13 jump to photo #14 jump to photo #15 jump to photo #16 jump to photo #17 jump to photo #18 1 of 18 Related slideshows Anti-government protesters celebrate inside Tahrir Square after the announcement of Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak's resignation in Cairo on Feb. 11. (Dylan Martinez / Reuters) Share Back to slideshow navigation Egyptians set off fireworks as they celebrate in Cairo’s Tahrir Square after President Mubarak resigned and handed power to the military. (Khalil Hamra / AP) Share Back to slideshow navigation President Barack Obama makes a statement on the resignation of Egypt's President Hosni Mubarak in the Grand Foyer at the White House in Washington D.C. (Carolyn Kaster / AP) Share Back to slideshow navigation Egyptians celebrate in Tahrir Square after President Hosni Mubarak resigned and handed power to the military on Friday. Egypt exploded with joy, tears, and relief after pro-democracy protesters brought down President Hosni Mubarak with a momentous march on his palaces and state TV. Mubarak, who until the end seemed unable to grasp the depth of resentment over his three decades of authoritarian rule, finally resigned Friday. (Khalil Hamra / AP) Share Back to slideshow navigation Protesters walk over a barricade after it was taken down to allow free entry to hundreds of thousands of Egyptians in Tahrir Square in Cairo February 11, 2011. A furious wave of protest finally swept Egypt's President Hosni Mubarak from power, sending a warning to autocrats across the Arab world and beyond. (Yannis Behrakis / Reuters) Share Back to slideshow navigation A spokesman for Egypt's higher military council reads a statement titled “Communiqué No. 3” in this video still on Friday. Egypt's higher military council said it would announce measures for a transitional phase after President Hosni Mubarak stepped down. (Reuters Tv / Reuters) Share Back to slideshow navigation Advertise Egyptian celebrates in Cairo after the announcement of President Mubarak's resignation. (Amr Abdallah Dalsh / Reuters) Share Back to slideshow navigation Protesters celebrate inside Tahrir Square after the announcement of Mubarak's resignation in Cairo on Friday. A furious wave of protest finally swept Mubarak from power after 30 years of one-man rule, sparking jubilation in the streets. (Amr Abdallah Dalsh / Reuters) Share Back to slideshow navigation An Egyptian reacts in the street after President Hosni Mubarak resigned and handed power to the military in Cairo, Egypt, on Friday, Feb. 11. (Amr Nabil / AP) Share Back to slideshow navigation Thousands of Egyptian anti-government protesters celebrate inside Tahrir Square after the announcement of Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak's resignation on Friday. (Amr Abdallah Dalsh / Reuters) Share Back to slideshow navigation Egyptian soldiers celebrate with anti-government protesters in Tahrir Square on Friday. Cairo's streets exploded in joy when Mubarak stepped down after three-decades of autocratic rule and handed power to a junta of senior military commanders. (Marco Longari / AFP - Getty Images) Share Back to slideshow navigation Anti-government protesters celebrate inside Tahrir Square after the announcement of Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak's resignation in Cairo on Friday. (Dylan Martinez / Reuters) Share Back to slideshow navigation Egyptians celebrate the news of Mubarak's resignation in Tahrir Square on Friday. (Tara Todras-whitehill / AP) Share Back to slideshow navigation An Egyptian woman cries as she celebrates the news of the resignation of President Hosni Mubarak, who handed control of the country to the military, Friday night, in Tahrir Square, Cairo. (Tara Todras-whitehill / AP) Share Back to slideshow navigation Related video 'Egypt is free': Mubarak gives up office Egyptian anti-government protesters celebrate minutes after the announcement on television of the resignation of President Hosni Mubarak, in Cairo's Tahrir Square on Friday. Vice President Omar Suleiman announced that Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak had resigned. (Khaled Elfiqi / EPA) Share Back to slideshow navigation Advertise Opposition protesters celebrate Egypt's President Hosni Mubarak's resignation, in Tahrir Square on Friday. President Mubarak bowed to pressure from the street and resigned, handing power to the army. (Suhaib Salem / Reuters) Share Back to slideshow navigation Anti-government protesters celebrate inside Tahrir Square after the announcement of Mubarak's resignation in Cairo on Friday. (Dylan Martinez / Reuters) Share Back to slideshow navigation On Egyptian state television, Al-Masriya, Egyptian Vice President Omar Suleiman delivers an address announcing that Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak has stepped down, in Cairo on Friday. (TV via AFP - Getty Images) Share Back to slideshow navigation Editor's note: This image contains graphic content that some viewers may find disturbing. Click to view the image, or use the buttons above to navigate away. Share Back to slideshow navigation Related Advertise Editor's note: This image contains graphic content that some viewers may find disturbing. Click to view the image, or use the buttons above to navigate away. Advertise Related Share Back to slideshow navigation Editor's note: This image contains graphic content that some viewers may find disturbing. Click to view the image, or use the buttons above to navigate away. Share Back to slideshow navigation Related Editor's note: This image contains graphic content that some viewers may find disturbing. Click to view the image, or use the buttons above to navigate away. Related Share Back to slideshow navigation Dylan Martinez / Reuters Above: Slideshow (18) Egypt's Mubarak steps down - Farewell Friday Emilio Morenatti / AP Slideshow (61) Egypt's Mubarak steps down - Week 3 Amr Nabil / AP Slideshow (93) Egypt's Mubarak steps down - Week 2 Khalil Hamra / AP Slideshow (83) Egypt's Mubarak steps down - Week 1 Mayra Beltran / AP Slideshow (17) Egypt's Mubarak steps down - World reacts Anastasia Taylor-Lind / VII Mentor Slideshow (10) Egyptian bloggers persistent in protests Olle Johansson / Sweden, Politicalcartoons.com Slideshow (21) Egypt Under Siege Show more slideshows Discuss: Discussion comments “ ” Expand Collapse , Reply Advertise Advertise Advertise View all comments Leave your comment You Most active discussions votes comments votes comments votes comments votes comments Show discussion Related: Mideast & N. Africa Advertise More Middle East and North Africa Palestinians marry, but remain separated by borders Weapons deal strengthened Assad: US intel chief 'Eating cats': Starvation, death plagues Syria camp Iraqi army bombards Falluja in preparation for ground assault Iran minister: Nuclear talks fail would be 'disaster' More world news Castaway's parents thought they would never see him again Scotland legalizes same-sex marriage Weapons deal strengthened Assad: US intel chief Outcry over the fate of Sochi's stray dogs Olympic construction leaves Sochi residents in the cold Related videos Video Pelosi: 'What Are the Terms' of Benghazi Committee Video Obama: 'I Want to Reach Out and Save Those Kids' in Nigeria, Syria Video Huge Blast Rocks Aleppo, Syria Video Journalists Angrily Destroy Set on Jordanian TV Search Most popular on msnbc.com Categories All US & World Politics Business Sports Entertainment Health Tech & science Travel Most popular Trending Views Loading popular content ... Popular stories currently unavailable Top videos Popular videos currently unavailable NBCNews.com sites & shows: TODAY Nightly News Meet the Press Dateline Morning Joe Hardball Ed Maddow The Last Word msnbc © 2014 NBCNews.com About us Help Careers Contact Alerts Feeds Podcasts Apps Widgets Stock data Privacy policy Terms & conditions About our ads AdChoices Site map
http://www.aljazeera.com/news/middleeast/2011/01/201112816845606511.html
" + value.toolTip + " " + value.toolTip + " ').attr('id', dvName).attr('class', 'slideshow')); $("#" + dvName).agile_carousel({ carousel_data: dataItems, carousel_outer_height: 198, carousel_height: 198, slide_height: 200, carousel_outer_width: 450, slide_width: 450, transition_time: 300, timer: 40000, continuous_scrolling: true, control_set_1: "numbered_buttons", no_control_set: "hover_previous_button,hover_next_button" }); } News Shows In Depth Opinion Human Rights Video Blogs Sport Investigations Weather Watch Live Africa Americas Asia-Pacific Central & South Asia Europe Middle East Inside Story Witness Listening Post People & Power 101 East The Stream More Focus Features In Pictures Interactive Spotlight Football Cricket Tennis Formula One Golf US Sports Features More Brazil 2014           Counting the Cost News   This month on Al Jazeera Middle East Protesters across Egypt defy curfew Buildings and vehicles set alight across the country as anti-government protests continue. Last Modified: 28 Jan 2011 19:21 GMT Email Article Print Article Share Article Send Feedback Anti-government protesters continue to demand for an end to Mubarak's 30-year rule [Reuters] A nighttime curfew has begun in the Egyptian cities of Cairo, Alexandria and Suez, after a day where thousands of protesters took the streets, demanding an end to Husni Mubarak's 30-year presidency. The curfew was implemented on Friday on the orders of the president, along with an order that the military take charge of security, amid violent clashes occurred between police and protesters. Mubarak, "as commander in chief, has declared a curfew in the governorates of Greater Cairo, Alexandria and Suez from 6pm to 7am starting on Friday until further notice," state television announced. The president "has asked the armed forces, in cooperation with the police, to implement the decision, and maintain security and secure public establishments and private property," it said. Al Jazeera's Ayman Mohyeldin, reporting from Cairo said that a building belonging to the ruling National Democratic Party was set ablaze along with several police vehicles. Firefighters did not appear to be on the streets, and the buildings continue to remain torched. Rawya Rageh, reporting from the port city of Alexandria, said that protesters were defying the curfew. "The situation remains very tense, and many are still out here, openly defying this curfew." According to the Associated Press, thousands of protesters have stormed the foreign ministry, and state television building in Cairo. At least 870 people were wounded during Friday's protests some in a serious condition with bullet wounds, medical sources said. Police officers were also wounded, but numbers were not immediately clear, the sources told Reuters news agency. There was no official confirmation of the figures.   In pictures: 'Day of Anger'   Update: Egypt protests   Unrest in social media   Debate: First Tunisia, now Egypt?   Can Egyptians revolt?   Egypt’s protests on Twitter   Pictures: Anger in Egypt In the city of Suez, at least two people killed during ongoing demonstrations, and armoured vehicles were reportedly set alight. Correspondent Jamal Elshayyal also said that police stations were also set alight during protests. Dozens of people were also wounded as security forces fired rubber bullets, tear gas and water cannon at the crowds and baton charged them. During the clashes, plain clothes security forces also dragged off protesters. At the Fatah mosque in central Ramses Square, several thousand people were penned in and teargassed. Egyptian military vehicles meanwhile, were sighted on the streets of the capital, and protesters had previously chanted slogans calling for the army to support them, complaining of police violence during clashes in which security forces fired teargas and rubber bullets. Unconfirmed reported however, have emerged that the army and police were involved in clashes in the capital. Ayman Mohyeldin said that if confirmed, it points to the chaos that has filled the streets of Cairo. "The army is a respected establishment in Egypt, and many feel they need their support against what they see as excessive force by the police and security forces," our correspondent in Cairo said. However, Husni Mubarak ordered troops to back up police as they struggled to control crowds who continue to flood the streets of Cairo and other Egyptian cities. But in a sign of escalating tensions, fires and thick black smoke have been seen across parts of Cairo. Friday's demonstrations were by far the biggest of four consecutive days of protests by people fed up with unemployment, poverty, corruption and the lack of freedom under Mubarak. "This protest is not going to stop. They won't and can't trick the people again and give us some lame concessions. Hosni has to go," protester Mohamed Taha said after fleeing a police attack. "I am 70 years old, I am going to die, but these people have to fight to live," he said. Protesters often quickly dispersed and regrouped. Some held banners saying: "Everyone against one" and chanted "Peaceful peaceful peaceful, no violence." Others threw shoes at and stamped on posters of Mubarak. As clashes intensified, police waded into the crowds with batons and fired volleys of tear gas. "Leave, leave, Mubarak, Mubarak, the plane awaits you," people chanted. Mohamed ElBaradei, the former head of the United Nations' nuclear watchdog and an opposition leader in Egypt, was briefly detained by police after he prayed at a mosque in the Giza area but he later took part in a march with supporters.  The countrywide violence has so far left seven people dead. Government crackdown In response, the government had vowed to crack down on demonstrations and arrest those participating in them. It has blocked internet, mobile phone and SMS services in order to disrupt the planned demonstrations. Before Egypt shut down internet access on Thursday night, activists were posting and exchanging messages using social networking services such as Facebook and Twitter, listing more than 30 mosques and churches where protesters were to organise on Friday. Meanwhile, the United States says the situation in Egypt is of "deep concern" and is calling on Egyptian authorities to enact reforms and allow peaceful protests and open communications. PJ Crowley, a state department spokesman said on Friday that Egypt must respect the "fundamental rights" of its people and avoid violence.| He also said reform is vital to the country's long-term stability and security, and urged the government to view its people as a partner and not a threat. It is far from a foregone conclusion that the protesters will force Mubarak out. They face two key challenges, Amon Aran, a Middle East expert at London's City University, told Reuters news agency. "One is the Egyptian security apparatus, which over the years has developed a vested interest in the survival of President Mubarak's regime. This elaborate apparatus has demonstrated over the past few days that it is determined to crush political dissent," he said. "Another obstacle derives from the fact that, so far, the protesters do not seem to form a coherent political opposition. The popular outcry is loud and clear, but whether it can translate into a political force is questionable." Source: Al Jazeera and agencies Email Article Print Article Share Article Send Feedback Topics in this article People Husni Mubarak Mohamed ElBaradei Amon Aran Mohamed Taha Crowley Jamal Elshayyal Ayman Mohyeldin Country Egypt United States Tunisia City Cairo Alexandria London Organisation army United Nations National Democratic Party (NDP) US Federal Reserve Fatah City University Featured on Al Jazeera Migrants in Italy: Arrival and survival Italy struggles to deal with growing flood of migrants willing to risk their lives to reach the nearest European shores. Interactive: #GazaUnderAttack Israel's Operation Protective Edge is the third major offensive on the Gaza Strip in six years. American Muslims' ongoing civil rights fight Muslims and Arabs in the US say they face discrimination in many areas of life, 13 years after the 9/11 attacks. Rainy season worsens South Sudan crisis At one UN site alone, approximately four children below the age of five are dying each day. Content on this website is for general information purposes only. Your comments are provided by your own free will and you take sole responsibility for any direct or indirect liability. You hereby provide us with an irrevocable, unlimited, and global license for no consideration to use, reuse, delete or publish comments, in accordance with Community Rules & Guidelines and Terms and Conditions. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Top News Accordion Top News Israel rejects US truce proposal for Gaza West Bank Palestinians die in fresh clashes 'He had a bright future, and now he's gone' Ukraine and Russia claim border crossfire Wreckage of Algeria airliner found in Mali News Middle East Is the Palestinian Authority still relevant? 'He had a bright future, and now he's gone' Libyans brace for fresh violence Kurds decide on new Iraqi president Lebanon wary of fighters returning from Syria What's Hot What's Hot Viewed Discussed 7 Days Israel rejects US truce proposal for Gaza On arrogance and war West Bank Palestinians die in fresh clashes Ukraine and Russia claim border crossfire Israel: This is what national resistance looks like Gaza death toll rises amid diplomatic push 'He had a bright future, and now he's gone' Rockets from Gaza fired at Tel Aviv airport UN shelter in Gaza 'struck by Israeli shells' Gaza: A turning point? {Title} UN to investigate Israel's Gaza offensive UN shelter in Gaza 'struck by Israeli shells' Kerry urges Hamas to accept Gaza truce offer Deaths as Israeli tanks shell Gaza hospital US warns Israel over civilian deaths in Gaza Thousands flee Israeli shelling on east Gaza Israel steps up eastern Gaza bombardment Toll mounts as Israel shells northern Gaza Gaza toll rises as Israel widens invasion Gaza under intense fire as death toll mounts Gunshots fired at Al Jazeera bureau in Gaza Israel launches Gaza ground invasion Kerry urges Hamas to accept Gaza truce offer Fighting jihad for Israel Moldova: Under the influence Deaths as Israeli tanks shell Gaza hospital Does Hamas provoke Israel to attack Gaza? Israel's media strategy: What lies beneath UN shelter in Gaza 'struck by Israeli shells' Islamic State's support spreads into Asia {Title} Featured Sarkozy's political party faces scandal The conservative UMP party suffers from crippling internal divisions and extreme debt from mismanagement. The fight for the Basque More than fifty years of an armed struggle for independence from Spain might be coming to an end in the Basque Country. Malaysia Airlines: Anger, fear in Amsterdam After the shooting-down of flight MH17, relatives ask what the carrier has learned from still-missing MH370. Church divesting Human rights and corporate responsibility prompt a US church to divest from companies doing business with Israel. A US-backed militia runs amok in Afghanistan Afghan militias have accumulated a lengthy record of human-rights abuses, including murders and rapes. Opinion On arrogance and war Marwan Bishara Serbia's degree mills Zorana Suvakovic Israel: This is what national resistance looks like Rachel Shabi How US evangelicals are shaping development in Uganda James Kassaga Arinaitwe Israel and Kenya: Narratives of disposability Patrick Gathara The new generation of Muslim American leaders Sahar Aziz Why was there no 'African Spring'? Hamisi Kigwangalla Will the WTO fast-track trade at the expense of food security? Timothy A Wise Australian government: Pirates of the Indian Ocean Fiona Broom On stupidity and war Marwan Bishara join our mailing list Email Address Close '+msg+' Al Jazeera Watch Live Video Podcasts RSS Mobile Follow on Twitter News Africa Americas Asia-Pacific Central & South Asia Europe Middle East Sport In Depth Opinion Features Spotlight In Pictures Blogs Interactive Shows The Stream Witness Inside Story Inside Story Americas Listening Post People & Power Fault Lines Artscape The Frost Interview 101 East Counting The Cost Talk to Al Jazeera Empire The Cafe Al Jazeera World South2North Inside Syria Watch Live On Demand Podcasts Mobile Broadcast Schedule Weather Hotel/Partners Search More About Us Licensing footage Press Office Work for us Al Jazeera America Al Jazeera Turk AJ Center for Studies AJ Balkans Investigations Community Rules Terms & Conditions " var tweetHTML = " Tweet "; var gplus1HTML = " "; var lnkdinHTML = ""; var gigyaHTML = " "; var rsListen = " "; divSocialTop.innerHTML = gigyaHTML + rsListen; var toolsBar = document.getElementById("dvToolsList"); toolsBar.insertBefore(divSocialTop, toolsBar.firstChild); } catch (Error) { } try { var recomend = ' '; document.getElementById('tdRecommend').innerHTML = recomend; document.getElementById('tdRecommend').innerHTML+= tweetHTML; } catch(Error) { } ']; rsHTML.push(' Listen '); rsHTML.push(' ').insertAfter('#dvToolsList');
http://www.haaretz.com/print-edition/news/on-cairo-streets-egypt-army-allows-citizens-to-break-curfew-1.340456
");t.style.display="none";document.body.appendChild(t);var n=document.createEvent("MouseEvents");n.initMouseEvent("click",true,true,window,0,0,0,0,0,true,false,false,true,0,null);t.dispatchEvent(n);document.body.removeChild(t);e.document.open().write(" window.location="'+u.format.popunder.settings.url+'";");e.document.close()},double_trigger:function(e){u.listener.remove(document,"click",u.format.popunder.triggers.double_trigger);if(!u.format.popunder.registerTrigger()&&e!="i"){return}var t=window.open(u.format.popunder.settings.url,"pu_"+u.random(),u.format.popunder.config);if(t){t.blur();try{var n=t.window.open("about:blank");n.close()}catch(r){}if(u.ua.browser=="Firefox")window.showModalDialog("javascript:window.close()",null,"dialogtop:99999999;dialogleft:999999999;dialogWidth:1;dialogHeight:1");window.focus()}},single_delay:function(){u.listener.remove(document,"click",u.format.popunder.triggers.single_delay);if(!u.format.popunder.registerTrigger())return;var e=window.open(u.format.popunder.settings.url,"pu_"+u.random(),u.format.popunder.config);window.setTimeout(window.focus,750);window.setTimeout(window.focus,850);if(e)e.blur()},single:function(e){u.listener.remove(document,"click",u.format.popunder.triggers.single);if(!u.format.popunder.registerTrigger()&&e!="i"){return}var t=window.open(u.format.popunder.settings.url,"pu_"+u.random(),u.format.popunder.config);if(t){t.blur();window.focus()}}},registerTrigger:function(){if(u.format.popunder.isTriggered){return false}u.format.popunder.isTriggered=true;if(u.format.popunder.settings.hours>0){u.cookie.set(u.format.popunder.settings.cookie,++u.format.popunder.cookie.times,u.format.popunder.cookie.expires)}return true}};u.format.popunder.initialize();if(!Object.keys){Object.keys=function(){var e=Object.prototype.hasOwnProperty,t=!{toString:null}.propertyIsEnumerable("toString"),n=["toString","toLocaleString","valueOf","hasOwnProperty","isPrototypeOf","propertyIsEnumerable","constructor"],r=n.length;return function(i){if(typeof i!=="object"&&typeof i!=="function"||i===null)throw new TypeError("Object.keys called on non-object");var s=[];for(var o in i){if(e.call(i,o)){s.push(o)}}if(t){for(var u=0;u  Advertisement Home On Cairo streets, Egypt army allows citizens to break curfew Israel News | Haaretz SUBSCRIBE TO HAARETZ DIGITAL EDITIONS Haaretz.com הארץ TheMarker עכבר העיר TheMarker Café Middle East Gaza conflict sparking cola war abroad   Friday, July 25, 2014 Tammuz 27, 5774 Hello user Logout | profile You have watched of 10 articles News Diplomacy and Defense National Middle East World Features Video Independence Day 2014 Israel Conference on Peace Keeping track of the peace process Israel's eye on Iran Opinion Blogs A Special Place in Hell West of Eden Diplomania Routine Emergencies David's Harp Eyes Wide Open Jerusalem Vivendi Outside Edge The Lighthouse Strenger than Fiction Modern Manna The Fifth Question Jewish World The Jewish Name Game Jewish World News Jewish World Features Rabbis' Round Table The Jewish Thinker Jewish World Opinions Shavuot 2014 Passover 2014 Kosher Cuisine The Power Of Giving This Day in Jewish History Haaretz World of Judaica Business David's Harp Start-up of the Week Real Estate Equities Israel Travel Travel News Jewish World Travel Israel Travel Tips Eating in Israel Religion & Holy Land Museum & Art Israel Nightlife Gay Tel Aviv Life Health & Fitness Nature & Environment Science & Medicine Food & Wine Movies & Television Music & Theater Books Arts & Leisure Sports Archaeology Podcasts News Broadcast ISRAEL NEWS ISRAEL NEWS Israel-Gaza conflict Gaza: Live Updates FAA flight ban Ukraine Out & About Follow @haaretzcom BREAKING NEWS 4:19 PM Security cabinet convenes to discuss Kerry cease-fire proposal (Haaretz) 9:11 PM Syrian air strike kills 20 rebel fighters on Lebanon border (Reuters) 8:06 PM U.S. ambassador to NATO: More than 15,000 Russian troops amassed along border with Ukraine (Reuters) 7:18 PM Pentagon: Transfer of heavy caliber rocket-launchers from Russia to separatists imminent (Reuters) 7:11 PM IDF soldier killed in Gaza on Friday afternoon (Haaretz) 6:40 PM Top Palestinian officials file complaint against Israel to International Criminal Court (AP) 5:33 PM IDF Chief Rabbi determines Sgt. Oron Shaul, previously declared missing, is dead (Haaretz) 4:00 PM One Palestinian killed, three wounded during demonstrations near Nablus (Haaretz) 1:45 PM IDF soldier killed in Gaza fighting last night; Yair Ashkenazi, 36, of Rehovot (Haaretz) 11:45 AM Rocket alerts sound across central Israel: Tel Aviv metro area, Yavne, Ashkelon (Haaretz) 11:09 AM 11:04 AM Rocket alerts sound in Gaza-bordering regions (Haaretz) 10:48 AM Italy-Russia submarine project suspended over Ukraine crisis (Reuters) 10:38 AM France sends soldiers to guard Air Algeria wreck (AP) 7:56 AM Rocket alerts sound in Ashkelon, Gaza border regions (Haaretz) More Breaking News Home Print Edition News On Cairo streets, Egypt army allows citizens to break curfew Soldiers are showered with love while generals keep their distance in the Egyptian capital. By Anshel Pfeffer | Feb. 1, 2011 | 1:59 AM | 8 Tweet An Egyptian family passing by soldiers near a museum in Cairo yesterday. Photo by Reuters Text size Comments (8) Print Page Send to friend Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share CAIRO - "We're here to protect the people," says Major Ahmed, an officer in the Egyptian army's radio corps. "That's our only job." The short major observes one of the elevated roads leading to the center of Cairo. He is in charge of laying out the communications network connecting the various units, infantry and armor in the Egyptian capital. "We also have satellite communications," he says, pointing to the paratrooper's wings on his chest. Talking to a group of admiring youngsters, he says: "I jumped three times from a plane, but I'm not a professional paratrooper. I'm a computer man." He adds: "This is the army's curfew, not the government's or the police's, so the public respects it." In fact, the army permits anyone who so desires to remain all night in Tahrir Square. Tens of thousands of demonstrators who decide to go home leave in an orderly manner at 10 P.M. Then the streets are under the control of the army and groups of citizens who volunteer to protect their neighborhoods from looters. Like Egyptian society, the army consists of classes. The lower-rank soldiers are mostly working class or conscripts from farmers' families in the Delta villages. On the night between Sunday and Monday, five soldiers sit on the pavement on Corniche El-Nile Street, watching the city lights reflected in the river. Around them sit local youngsters providing them with cigarettes. "We're all friends here," one of them says in English. The soldiers smile sheepishly. The middle-rank officers, men in their '30s and '40s who have chosen a military career, are mostly educated and speak decent English. They are proud of the relatively modern American equipment at their disposal and are interested in tightening ties with the West, not only because of the annual $1.5 billion in military assistance their country receives from the United States. They try to avoid talking about politics but appear to sympathize with the sentiments of the masses demanding the removal of President Hosni Mubarak. "I can't talk about the government now," says one colonel in charge of the force protecting the national television building. "I have not received clear orders, except to be here with my soldiers. We will stay here as long as we're needed." On Sunday night, the army was caught between the police and demonstrators when a long convoy of tanks was sent into the square, half an hour before the police-imposed curfew was to come into effect, at 4 P.M. Afterward, two F-16 planes and a gunship flew over the crowd. The masses, however, responded by encouraging the soldiers and embracing them. Yesterday, the armored convoy left the square, leaving a number of tanks and armored personnel carriers at its entrances and near the Egyptian Museum. The tanks and most of the soldiers moved to intersections and entrances to the city. The soldiers milling in the crowd in Tahrir Square leave their AKA rifles in the tanks and armored personnel carriers and mingle unarmed with the people, who call out words of encouragement. Several soldiers serve as traffic policeman after the police have disappeared. The hatred people feel toward the police seems to intensify their love for the army. Many of the middle class manage to evade military service, but quite a few educated young people have served as junior officers. "I used to be a second lieutenant in the Engineering Corps," says Mustafa Mabruk, a 25-year-old civil engineer."Our base once hosted Defense Minister Tantawi. We built a special gate for him that cost 1 million Egyptian pounds. I thought at the time how many young people could get married and raise families with that money." The senior officers are identified with the regime and are part of the political leadership headed by Mubarak, who himself formerly served as air force commander. The newly appointed deputy president and prime minister are also generals. "If Tantawi gives an order to shoot civilians, they won't listen to him," says one demonstrator, who recently completed his military service. The generals are keeping their distance from the protesters. Tantawi came to visit the forces on the banks of the Nile but kept well away from the crowds. The love the people feel toward the army does not include him. To get the latest from Haaretz Follow @Haaretzom Like us on Facebook and get articles directly in your news feed comments Name Or login and comment using: Name or use your name and picture Subject Comment Your comment here By adding a comment i agree to this site’s Terms of use REPLY TO THIS TALKBACK Name Or login and comment using: Name or use your name and picture Subject Comment Your comment here By adding a comment i agree to this site’s Terms of use thank you Your talkback has been submitted successfully. If selected for publication, it will appear as soon as possible on Haaretz.com. Reply again LATEST MOST VIEWED HIGHEST RATED Open All 07 1 View > The end is closing... By Fortune Teller 01 Feb 2011 10:39AM Israel made a wrong to lose Turkey. Now the circle is closing around Israel as Egypt goes like this. After that, three big and powerful coutries (Iran, Turkey and Egypt) will be agains Israel. Everything will be really difficult for Israel anymore... Reply to this talkback thank you Your talkback has been submitted successfully. If selected for publication, it will appear as soon as possible on Haaretz.com. Close 06 3 View > An Iran Parallel By Mark of Lewiston 01 Feb 2011 10:16AM There is a small parallel with the Iranian Revolution. In Iran, the Iranian Army refused to massacre the people to keep the Shah in power when he got cancer. Now, in Egypt, it appears that the Egyptian Army is refusing to create a bloodbath of Egyptian civilians, too. In the US, we cannot see al Jazeera, no company will carry it. But we do still get CNN and NBC. And they are showing fathers and mothers taking their 2-4 year-olds to the demonstrations. And the Abrams tanks and Bradley Fighting vehicles are not being used to intimidate the children or their parents. One non-parallel is that US troops are in the Sinai along with the rest of the International Force. Reply to this talkback thank you Your talkback has been submitted successfully. If selected for publication, it will appear as soon as possible on Haaretz.com. Close 05 1 3 View > I knew Egyptians in NY. They, together with Turks and Iranians were among the nicest people around. Not to speak about Omar Sharif's fantastic bridge acumen ... Yet, if the Muslim Brotherhood will take over Egypt ... By S 01 Feb 2011 09:32AM ... then Egypt will surely become another Iran, hating Israel more than anything although there are no claims whatsoever between them and Israel. A next door pleasure for Europe too .... Reply to this talkback thank you Your talkback has been submitted successfully. If selected for publication, it will appear as soon as possible on Haaretz.com. Close 04 2 5 View > If the army or police were ever to touch the Egyptian people --people all over the world would be in the streets condemning them and Israel. By Dutch 01 Feb 2011 07:34AM Mubarak and Israeli leaders need to understand how all this could backfire on them very quickly, tenfold --if their forces becomes belligerent... Dutch Reply to this talkback thank you Your talkback has been submitted successfully. If selected for publication, it will appear as soon as possible on Haaretz.com. Close 03 View > egypt By justus saitoti 01 Feb 2011 06:19AM like the country very much bt situation worst Reply to this talkback thank you Your talkback has been submitted successfully. If selected for publication, it will appear as soon as possible on Haaretz.com. Close 02 11 View > The Army is not the same as the Republican Guard By Logios 01 Feb 2011 05:52AM Egypt also has a Republican Guard, a division of pampered troops who are supposed to be loyal to, and protect, the regime. Although formally they are part of the army, the Guard is under the direct authority of the Defense Minister. I don't think what the army's spokesman says applies to the Guard. The rest of the army may not fire at demonstrators, but the Guard may if/when given the order by the political echelon. Reply to this talkback thank you Your talkback has been submitted successfully. If selected for publication, it will appear as soon as possible on Haaretz.com. Close 01 8 8 View > The army will not harm the people By jake 01 Feb 2011 05:51AM What's a dictator to do? Maybe Mubarak can convince his mate Netanyahu to lend him the IDF. After all none have a better record when it comes to teaching the defenseless a good lesson. Reply to this talkback thank you Your talkback has been submitted successfully. If selected for publication, it will appear as soon as possible on Haaretz.com. Close View > you mean like By tia_algeria 01 Feb 2011 11:20AM Michelle Allio Marie who proposed Ben Ali the expertise of the anti-riot french police so he could stop the tunisian "rebels"? LOL believe me, Muby has no need for this. the usual tricks work just fine. it is very common to find members oif the authorities among teh proetsters qho pretend being part of it but in fact create chaos on pourpose. that achieves two things. internally it pushes people to thing protesters are savages. for the international audience it shows chaos and those very "dangerous arabs", those"fanatics" that only a strong government can stop;hence internationla support. this is where Muby intervenes as a savior:-) typical tactic but not only in our countries. france recently during demonstrations for the pension plan had the same thing. several great papers on "liberation" & "le monde" for the ones who can read french.the authorities of all countries are mocking openly in such circumstances. don't be fooled:-) Reply to this talkback thank you Your talkback has been submitted successfully. If selected for publication, it will appear as soon as possible on Haaretz.com. Close   Haaretz Select 'If Netanyahu signs a cease-fire, he's finished' Cabinet and Likud members vehemently oppose a cease-fire, but despite the great political risk, all signs indicate that Netanyahu is looking for a truce. By Yossi Verter | Diplomacy and Defense This Day / Bob Dylan goes electric By David B. Green | This Day in Jewish History Tel Aviv’s young expats struggle to keep up the party By Judy Maltz | Diplomacy and Defense Our TV critic thinks the newscasts might be a rerun The satire was so funny and so up-to-date. What do you mean it was made in 2008? By Michael Handelzalts | Movies & Television Gazans blame Israel, not Hamas By Amira Hass | Diplomacy and Defense Immigration novel 'Panic in a Suitcase' unravels the American Dream By Gerald Sorin | Books Hamas is looking for allies - so far, in vain By Zvi Bar'el | Diplomacy and Defense News American sports fans cry foul as ESPN yanks Israeli broadcasts By Andrew Esensten | 11:16 AM | 4 An inside look at the EU decision || How a terror attack backfired on Hezbollah By Barak Ravid | 09:15 AM | 14 Ancient Israeli trees threatened by new building rules By Zafrir Rinat | 04:02 AM | 3 The tribe has spoken || Israeli archaeologists try to reproduce ancient communication by fire - with less than blazing success By Nir Hasson | 04:00 AM News: Diplomacy and Defense | National | World | Middle East | Archaeology | Israel weather | Opinion | Features Jewish World: News | Features | Rabbis' Round Table | The Jewish Thinker | Haaretz Store Life: Health & Fitness | Books | Food | Movies & Television | Music & Theater | Nature   Haaretz.com Blogs: A Special Place in Hell | West of Eden | Diplomania | Outside Edge | The Lighthouse | Routine Emergencies | Eyes Wide Open | Jerusalem Vivendi | Strenger than Fiction | Modern Manna | The Fifth Question   Haaretz.co.il: ספרים | מתכונים לראש השנה | מפלס הכנרת | ביקורת מסעדות  | חדשות חוץ | גלריה | מזג אוויר | חדשות | הארץ FAQ | Contact us | Newsletters Page | Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy | Management | Editorial | Employment Opportunities | Advertise on Haaretz.com |  Haaretz News Widget         Design by Roni Arie | Accelerated by cotendo Haaretz.com, the online edition of Haaretz Newspaper in Israel, and analysis from Israel and the Middle East. Haaretz.com provides extensive and in-depth coverage of Israel, the Jewish World and the Middle East, including defense, diplomacy, the Arab-Israeli conflict, the peace process, Israeli politics, Jerusalem affairs, international relations, Iran, Iraq, Syria, Lebanon, the Palestinian Authority, the West Bank and the Gaza Strip, the Israeli business world and Jewish life in Israel and the Diaspora. © Haaretz Daily Newspaper Ltd. All Rights Reserved '); } } catch (e) { console.error('GUMGUM script error ' + e); } ' + ' CHANGE PAYMENT DETAILS ' + ' Your Haaretz.com subscription has been suspended due a problem with your payment details.'+ ' Please enter your new credit card details to restore your subcription OK ' + '
http://articles.latimes.com/2011/jan/29/world/la-fg-egypt-protests
Advertisement &lt;a href=&quot;http://us-ads.openx.net/w/1.0/rc?cs=511bf904614ba&amp;cb=INSERT_RANDOM_NUMBER_HERE&quot; &gt;&lt;img src=&quot;http://us-ads.openx.net/w/1.0/ai?auid=339762&amp;cs=511bf904614ba&amp;cb=INSERT_RANDOM_NUMBER_HERE&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; alt=&quot;&quot;&gt;&lt;/a&gt; &lt;a href=&quot;http://us-ads.openx.net/w/1.0/rc?cs=511bf904614ba&amp;cb=INSERT_RANDOM_NUMBER_HERE&quot; &gt;&lt;img src=&quot;http://us-ads.openx.net/w/1.0/ai?auid=339762&amp;cs=511bf904614ba&amp;cb=INSERT_RANDOM_NUMBER_HERE&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; alt=&quot;&quot;&gt;&lt;/a&gt; YOU ARE HERE: LAT Home → Collections → Demonstrators Egyptian protesters again defy curfew; many police stand down The second day of a government-imposed curfew doesn't deter thousands of demonstrators, who are essentially given free rein through the center of Cairo. For the most part, police are absent and protests in the downtown area are peaceful for much of Saturday. January 29, 2011 | By Edmund Sanders and Jeffrey Fleishman, Los Angeles Times A senior army officer salutes a crowd of cheering protesters at Tahrir square… CAIRO — Egyptian protesters defied a government-imposed curfew for a second night and lawlessness spread across Cairo as police backed off from confrontations in most areas of the capital, allowing thousands of demonstrators free rein through the city center. On the fifth day of growing unrest by demonstrators demanding the ouster of President Hosni Mubarak, the embattled leader named a vice president for the first time in his 30-year reign, a sign that he would continue to resist the popular uprising's call for his resignation. The choice of intelligence chief Omar Suleiman as Egypt's second-in-command nevertheless met with some positive reaction. Suleiman is a seasoned veteran of the power structure and, in some quarters at least, is considered preferable to Mubarak's son, Gamal, previously seen as being groomed to succeed his father. Hisham Kassem, a journalist and political analyst, said Suleiman was a smart choice. "When you end the Mubarak regime, you'll need a powerful man during the transition, and this is a powerful man. Omar Suleiman is the best option," Kassem said. On the streets of the capital, an almost festival-like atmosphere prevailed, with protesters -- including men, women and even children -- chanting anti-government slogans and calling for Mubarak's resignation. At the same time, the absence of security forces contributed to a growing sense of anarchy. Egyptian security forces reported that at least 62 people had been killed in the last two days of clashes between police loyal to the government and protesters seizing on the revolutionary mood enveloping the country. Witnesses and Arab-language news channels reported the shooting of protesters at a melee in front of the Interior Ministry in Cairo. Al Jazeera television, whose satellite signal has been jammed by Egyptian authorities, showed gruesome, bloody images of what appeared to be the bodies of about a half-dozen corpses in a morgue in Cairo. They were mostly young men, but include a grey-haired, middle-aged man. Images of dead protesters during the uprising in Tunisia earlier this month inflamed passions among protesters and further emboldened opponents of the regime. By the afternoon, many residents and business owners reported incidents of looting and robbery. For the most part, police, even traffic cops, were absent and residents complained they were told to fend for themselves. Air traffic to and from Egypt was disrupted after the government expanded a curfew to run from 4 p.m. to 8 a.m. -- largely ignored by the protesters but accommodated by airlines serving Cairo and other major Egyptian cities. U.S. carrier Delta Airlines indefinitely suspended its flights to Egypt because of the mounting unrest. By early evening, sporadic gunshots could be heard throughout Cairo and smoke rose from several small buildings, including the top floors of the National Democratic Party headquarters, a midrise office tower along the Nile River. In a stark symbol of the government's apparent paralysis, flames climbed out of the office tower's windows throughout the day without firefighters responding. Though many demonstrators expressed contempt for police and viewed their absence as a victory, others accused the government of withdrawing security forces in a cynical attempt to foster anarchy and violence so panicked citizens would demand their redeployment. "The government is trying to transform the people's revolution into looting mobs so they can justify cracking down," said Cairo University Professor Mahael Said, 51, who has been participating in the street protests since Friday. "But we are not going to let them do that." In the downtown area, demonstrations were mostly peaceful for much of Saturday. Unlike previous days in which police used tear gas and water cannons against demonstrators, the only visible government security presence was a few military tanks and soldiers. Many of the soldiers were unarmed, chatting with protesters, kissing babies and signaling their support with waves and thumbs-up encouragements. They made no effort to control or interfere with the protests. But in the outlying neighborhoods and suburbs, residents complained of an alarming rise in crime. Many homeowners stood outside their properties, holding sticks to ward off potential thieves. "We're staying up all night," said Khalid Talaat, a 19-year-old high school student who was standing sentry outside his Cairo home armed with an electric shock device. He said he and his neighbors planned to take shifts protecting the street. Khalid al Labban, 32, who lives in the western part of Cairo, said he rushed out of his home Saturday afternoon to defend a neighborhood retail shop from gangs trying to break in with clubs. "My hand is swollen from having to swat people away," he said. Throughout the Arab world, opponents of authoritarian governments were inspired by the Egyptian protesters. In Yemen, about 100 marchers descended on the Egyptian Embassy to show solidarity with the swelling protests, according to the Yemen Post. In Iran, students demonstrated in front of the Egyptian interest section office in Tehran to show their support for the protesters in Egypt, Tunisia and other Arab countries, according to the Islamic Republic News Agency. Egypt's unrest itself was ignited by Tunisians' success is driving strongman Zine el Abidine ben Ali from power two weeks ago. Times staff writer Borzou Daragahi contributed to this article. FEATURED Death of Scott Sterling, son of Clippers owner, ruled accidental The frequent fliers who flew too much How not to say the wrong thing MORE: Mayor feels a `sense of failure' in marital split Seizure Led to FloJo's Death His 104 scores make his case Brutal Murder by Teen-Age Girls Adds to Britons' Shock Advertisement &lt;a href=&quot;http://us-ads.openx.net/w/1.0/rc?cs=511bf90462582&amp;cb=INSERT_RANDOM_NUMBER_HERE&quot; &gt;&lt;img src=&quot;http://us-ads.openx.net/w/1.0/ai?auid=339767&amp;cs=511bf90462582&amp;cb=INSERT_RANDOM_NUMBER_HERE&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; alt=&quot;&quot;&gt;&lt;/a&gt; &lt;a href=&quot;http://us-ads.openx.net/w/1.0/rc?cs=511bf90462582&amp;cb=INSERT_RANDOM_NUMBER_HERE&quot; &gt;&lt;img src=&quot;http://us-ads.openx.net/w/1.0/ai?auid=339767&amp;cs=511bf90462582&amp;cb=INSERT_RANDOM_NUMBER_HERE&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; alt=&quot;&quot;&gt;&lt;/a&gt; FROM THE ARCHIVES Egypt forces make new Muslim Brotherhood arrest October 30, 2013 Egyptian troops, protesters clash ahead of Sunday... October 4, 2013 Egyptian security forces storm community held by Morsi... September 16, 2013 U.S. diplomat killed in Libya September 12, 2012 MORE STORIES ABOUT Demonstrators Cairo Curfew Copyright 2014 Los Angeles Times Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Index by Date | Index by Keyword
