http://www.pewinternet.org/2011/01/27/22-of-online-americans-used-social-networking-or-twitter-for-politics-in-2010-campaign/
Skip to Content Numbers, Facts and Trends Shaping Your World Menu Projects Home U.S. Politics Media & News Social Trends Religion Internet & Tech Hispanics Global Publications Topics Presentations Interactives Key Indicators Datasets About Report January 27, 2011 22% of online Americans used social networking or Twitter for politics in 2010 campaign By Aaron Smith 22% of online Americans used social networking or Twitter for politics in 2010 campaign Some 21% of online adults used social networking sites such as Facebook or MySpace in the months leading up to the November, 2010 elections to connect to the campaign or the election itself, and 2% of online adults did so using Twitter. That works out to a total of 22% of adult internet users who engaged with the political campaign on Twitter or social networking sites in at least one of the following ways: 11% of online adults discovered on a social networking site who their friends voted for in the November elections 9% of online adults received candidate or campaign information on social networking sites or Twitter 8% of online adults posted political content on Twitter or a social networking site 7% of online adults friended a candidate or political group on a social networking site, or followed them on Twitter 7% of online adults started or joined a political group on a social networking site 1% of online adults used Twitter to follow the election results as they were happening Republicans, who lagged behind Democrats in the 2008 campaign in some key aspects of social media use, caught up to Democrats in the midterm election cycle. The “political social media user” cohort represented by these 22% of internet users voted for Republican congressional candidates over Democratic candidates by a 45%-41% margin, and Republicans’ enthusiasm for using social media matched that of Democrats. Among social networking site users, 40% of Republican voters and 38% of Democratic voters used these sites to get involved politically. Further, Tea Party supporters were especially likely to friend a candidate or political group on a social networking site during the 2010 election—22% of such users did this, significantly higher than all other groups. Compared with the rest of the online population (i.e. those who go online but did not use Twitter or social networking sites for political purposes in 2010) the “political social media” user group differs in some respects from other internet users: Political social media users stand out for their overall use of technology. They are significantly more likely than other internet users to go online wirelessly from a cell phone or laptop (91% vs. 67%); own a laptop computer (79% vs. 63%); have a high-speed broadband connection (94% vs. 80%); and use the internet on their cell phone (61% vs. 40%). Demographically, political social media users are younger and somewhat more educated than other internet users. Two in five (42%) are under the age of 30 (vs. 22% for the rest of the online population) and 41% have a college degree (34% of other internet users have graduated from college). However, they look quite similar to the rest of the online population in their racial, gender and income composition. A note about the charts in this report Some of the charts in this report are interactive charts developed by iCharts. These graphics can be embedded in any blog or website, or saved as a JPG, TIFF, or other static image, by following the instructions below. In order to embed an interactive chart into another website or blog: 1. Click the Embed button located under the chart. 2. Copy the code provided in the pop-up box. 3. Paste the code into your blog or website. In order to save an image of the chart to your comptuer to use in another website, blog, PowerPoint or PDF: 1. Click the Save button located under the chart. 2. Select an image format type. 3. Save the image of the chart to your computer. 21% of online adults used social networking sites to engage with the 2010 elections Three-quarters of US adults are internet users, and of these 61% use social networking sites such as Facebook or MySpace and 8% use Twitter. As Americans increasingly use these sites to connect with public figures, find out about and respond to events in the news, and share their views on a range of topics, politicians and political groups on both ends of the ideological spectrum have begun using them to organize and communicate with their supporters and the public at large. In our 2010 post-election survey, the Pew Research Center’s Internet & American Life Project set out to evaluate the current state of political engagement on Twitter and social networking sites. The results reported here are based on a national telephone survey of 2,257 adults conducted November 3-24, 2010. The survey included 755 interviews conducted on the respondent’s cell phone, and interviews were conducted in both English and Spanish.  For results based on internet users, the margin of error is +/-3 percentage points. This is the first non-presidential election in which the Pew Internet project has conducted polling on the use of social networking sites for political purposes, and the first election of any kind in which we asked detailed questions about the use of Twitter for this purpose. 21% of online adults used social networking sites to engage with the 2010 elections Six in ten online adults use social networking sites such as Facebook or Myspace, and one third (35%) of these social networking site users took to these sites during election season to get political information or to get involved in the campaign. Our definition of political use of social networking sites includes anyone who did one or more of the following activities on these sites in the months leading up to the 2010 elections: Discover which candidates your friends voted for this year – 18% of social networking site users did this (this represents 11% of all adult internet users) Get candidate or campaign information –14% of social networking site users (9% of all internet users) did this Post content related to politics or the campaign – 13% of social networking site users (8% of all internet users) posted their own content on these sites Sign up as a friend of a candidate or group involved in the campaign—11% of social networking site users (7% of all internet users) did this in 2010 Take part in political groups or causes – 10% of social networking site users joined such a group, and 2% started their own group on these sites. This works out to 6% and 1% of internet users, respectively. Taken together, that means that 35% of all social networking site users got involved politically on these sites during the 2010 elections. That works out to 21% of all adult internet users. Half of these political social networking users took part in one of the six activities we asked about in our survey, while the other half engaged in two or more activities. Young adults lead the way in their use of social networking sites for political reasons, but older users are active as well Recent Pew Internet research indicates that adults over the age of 50 are one of the fastest-growing cohorts when it comes to using social networking sites,1 and in 2010 older users took to these sites in relatively large numbers to get involved in the political debate. Fully 33% of social networking site users over the age of 50 used these sites during election season to get political news, post political content, get engaged with a candidate or cause, or discover who their friends voted for—that is only slightly less than the 42% of profile owners ages 18-29 who did so. To be sure, young adults overall are much more likely than their elders to use social networking sites (three-quarters of 18-29 year olds use these sites, compared with one-quarter of those 50 and older), so the use of social networking sites for political purposes is more widespread within the young adult population. However, to the extent that people are users of social networking websites they are increasingly likely to use those sites for political purposes—regardless of their age. Chart: Pew_Politcal Use_Age_Final Source: The Pew Research Center’s Internet & American Life Project, November 3-24, 2010 Post-Election Tracking Survey. N=2,257 national adults ages 18 and older, including 755 cell phone interviews; n=925 based on social networking site users. Interviews were conducted in English and Spanish. www.pewinternet.org Tags: Powered By: iCharts | create, share, and embed interactive charts online   Note: Click here for instructions on how to save or embed the interactive charts in this report. Looking more deeply at the individual political social networking activities we measured, the main difference between young and old social network users pertains to using the sites to discover who one’s friends voted for in the most recent election—social network users ages 18-29 were roughly twice as likely to do this as those ages 50 and older. This is most likely due to how many more young adults use social networking sites; the more of your friends are on these sites, the more likely you are to know someone who publicized who they voted for. Young social network users are also somewhat more likely than older users to post political content on these sites, although for the other activities in our survey there no major differences between young and old social networking site users. Voters of all political stripes were active using social networking sites in 2010 Overall, Democratic and Republican voters are equally likely to use social networking sites (among internet users, 58% of Democrats and 54% of Republicans do so).  This is a notable change from the 2008 campaign, in which Obama voters were significantly more likely than McCain voters to use these sites, and reflects recent overall trends in social networking site adoption by older adults (who tend to lean Republican in their voting habits). Similarly, both supporters and detractors of the “Tea Party” movement each use these sites at roughly similar rates (54% of internet users who agree with the Tea Party movement and 60% of those who disagree with the group use these sites, a difference that is not statistically significant). Chart: Pew_Elections 2010_Democratic and Republican_Final Source: The Pew Research Center’s Internet & American Life Project, November 3-24, 2010 Post-Election Tracking Survey. N=2,257 national adults ages 18 and older, including 755 cell phone interviews. Interviews were conducted in English and Spanish. *Indicates statistically significant difference between Obama voters and McCain voters. www.pewinternet.org Tags: Powered By: iCharts | create, share, and embed interactive charts online   Note: Click here for instructions on how to save or embed the interactive charts in this report. In addition to using social networking sites at similar rates, voters from both sides of the political aisle are equally likely (and more likely than non-voters) to use these sites for the purpose of engaging with the political process. Among social networking site users, 40% of Republican voters and 38% of Democratic voters used these sites to get involved politically, compared with 29% of non-voters. The social networking activity with the biggest gap between voters (of any party) and non-voters relates to posting political content on online social networks. Among social network site users, 18% of Republican voters and 16% of Democratic voters did this, compared with 9% of those who did not vote in the 2010 elections. Similar splits in the use of social networking for political reasons between the politically active and the less engaged can be seen when we compare those who feel strongly one way or another about the Tea Party movement to those who either have no opinion of the movement or have not heard of it at all. Social networking site users with views (either positive or negative) about the Tea Party movement are significantly more likely than other social network users to have used these sites to take part in a range of political activities. Tea Party supporters were especially likely to friend a candidate or political group on a social networking site during the 2010 election—22% of such users did this, significantly higher than users with negative views about the tea parties, as well as those with no firm opinions either way. 2% of online adults used Twitter for political purposes in 2010 In addition to measuring political engagement on social networking sites such as Facebook or MySpace, we also used our post-election survey to measure political engagement among the 8% of online adults who use Twitter.2 Among Twitter users: 16% used Twitter to get information about the campaign or candidates 12% used Twitter to monitor the election results as they occurred 11% followed a candidate or other political group 9% posted links to political content on their account Taken together, that means that 28% of Twitter users (representing 2% of the adult internet user population) used the site to engage with the 2010 election in one way or another. We did not ask the same set of political activity follow-up questions of Twitter and social networking site users—for example, questions about discovering who your friends voted for and joining or starting political causes were only asked of social networking site users. However, comparing similar activities side by side, social networking site users and Twitter users utilized these sites in similar ways during the campaign. Chart: Pew Internet_Elections 2010_Use_Twitter_Final Source: The Pew Research Center’s Internet & American Life Project, November 3-24, 2010 Post-Election Tracking Survey. N=2,257 national adults ages 18 and older, including 775 cell phone interviews; n=925 based on social networking site users, n=126 based on Twitter users. Interviews were conducted in English and Spanish. www.pewinternet.org Tags: Powered By: iCharts | create, share, and embed interactive charts online   Note: Click here for instructions on how to save or embed the interactive charts in this report. Why do voters follow candidates on social networking sites or Twitter? One in ten social networking site users (11%) and a similar proportion of Twitter users (11%) followed or “friended” a candidate for office or other political group involved in the 2010 election—that works out to 7% of all internet users. In our post-election survey, we asked these “political friends and followers” a series of follow-up questions that probed more deeply on their reasons for following politicians and political groups on Twitter and social networking sites. Specifically, we presented three statements and asked whether they represented a “major reason,” a “minor reason,” or “not a reason” why they choose to follow political candidates or groups. The main reason our survey respondents gave for following political groups on social networking sites or Twitter is that doing so helps them feel more personally connected to the candidates or groups they follow—36% said that this was a “major” reason they followed these groups or candidates, and an additional 35% said it was a “minor” reason. They responded less strongly to the statement that following these candidates helps them find out about political news before other people do—one in five (22%) said this is a “major” reason why they follow or friend political candidates or groups, with 43% saying it is a “minor” reason. Relatively few of our respondents say that they follow political groups through social media because the information is more reliable than what they can get from traditional news organizations—while 21% said that this was a “major” reason they do this, fully half (47%) said it was not a reason at all. Chart: Pew Internet_Elections 2010_Major and Minor Reasons_Final Source: The Pew Research Center’s Internet & American Life Project, November 3-24, 2010 Post-Election Tracking Survey. N=2,257 national adults ages 18 and older, including 755 cell phone interviews; n=112 based on those who follow political candidates or groups on Twitter or social networking sites. Interviews were conducted in English and Spanish. www.pewinternet.org Tags: Powered By: iCharts | create, share, and embed interactive charts online   Note: Click here for instructions on how to save or embed the interactive charts in this report. Generally speaking, followers of candidates or campaigns find the information posted on these sites relevant and useful. Two-thirds (67%) of those who follow politicians or other political groups on social networking sites or Twitter say that the information posted by those they follow is interesting and relevant, compared with 32% who feel that mostly uninteresting and irrelevant. Additionally, a total of two-thirds of these individuals say that they pay attention to most (26%) or some (40%) of the material posted by the politicians or groups they follow—24% say that they pay attention to only a little of it, and a one in ten (9%) say that they don’t pay attention to any of this material. See “Older Adults and Social Media”, http:// pewinternet.org/Reports/2010/Older-Adults-and-Social-Media.aspx ? Due to the relatively small number of Twitter users in our sample (n=126) we are unable to provide detailed demographic comparisons for political activities on Twitter. ? Pagination Next: Methodology Next Page ? ? Prev Page You are reading page 1 Page 2 Report Materials Complete Report Topline Questionnaire November 2010 – Post Election Dataset Table of Contents Overview 22% of online Americans used social networking or Twitter for politics in 2010 campaign A note about the charts in this report 21% of online adults used social networking sites to engage with the 2010 elections 21% of online adults used social networking sites to engage with the 2010 elections Young adults lead the way in their use of social networking sites for political reasons, but older users are active as well Voters of all political stripes were active using social networking sites in 2010 2% of online adults used Twitter for political purposes in 2010 Why do voters follow candidates on social networking sites or Twitter? Methodology Related Report Apr 3, 2014 Older Adults and Technology Use Topics Social Networking Social Media Politics Online Campaign Outreach and Strategy Election News Political Attitudes and Values 2010 Election Popular on Pew Research Fact Tank Jun. 13, 2014 How the most ideologically polarized Americans live different lives U.S. Politics Jun. 12, 2014 Political Polarization in the American Public Religion Oct. 7, 2009 Mapping the Global Muslim Population Fact Tank Jun. 18, 2014 The Sunni-Shia divide: Where they live, what they believe and how they view each other Fact Tank Jun. 18, 2014 Where Christian churches, other religions stand on gay marriage Get Pew Research Internet data by email 1615 L Street, NW, Suite 700 Washington, DC 20036 202.419.4300 | Main 202.419.4349 | Fax 202.419.4372 | Media Inquiries Research Projects Pew Research Center for the People & the Press Pew Research Center’s Journalism Project Pew Research Center’s Internet & American Life Project Pew Research Center’s Religion & Public Life Project Pew Research Center’s Hispanic Trends Project Pew Research Center’s Global Attitudes Project Pew Research Center’s Social & Demographic Trends Follow Pew Research Email Newsletters Facebook Twitter Tumblr YouTube Google+ RSS About Pew Research Pew Research Center is a nonpartisan fact tank that informs the public about the issues, attitudes and trends shaping America and the world. It conducts public opinion polling, demographic research, media content analysis and other empirical social science research. Pew Research does not take policy positions. It is a subsidiary of The Pew Charitable Trusts. Copyright 2014 Pew Research Center Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Feedback Careers Find an Expert
http://www.pewinternet.org/2011/01/27/social-media-and-politics-in-2010-campaign/
Skip to Content Numbers, Facts and Trends Shaping Your World Menu Projects Home U.S. Politics Media & News Social Trends Religion Internet & Tech Hispanics Global Publications Topics Presentations Interactives Key Indicators Datasets About January 27, 2011 Social media and politics in 2010 campaign 22% of online Americans used social networking or Twitter for politics in 2010 campaign Republicans catch up to Democrats in social media use for politics Washington, DC – After first gaining prominence as tools for political engagement during the 2008 presidential election, social media became a regular part of the political environment for voters in the 2010 midyear elections. Some 22% of online adults used Twitter or social networking sites such as Facebook or MySpace in the months leading up to the November, 2010 elections to connect to the campaign or the election itself. 11% of online adults discovered on a social networking site who their friends voted for in the November elections 9% of online adults received candidate or campaign information on social networking sites or Twitter 8% of online adults posted political content on Twitter or a social networking site 7% of online adults friended a candidate or political group on a social networking site, or followed them on Twitter 7% of online adults started or joined a political group on a social networking site 1% of online adults used Twitter to follow the election results as they were happening In contrast to the 2008 race—in which Democratic voters led the way in their use of online social networks for political purposes—Republican voters and supporters of the “Tea Party” movement caught up with Democrats in their use of social media in 2010. The “political social media user” group represented by these 22% of internet users voted for Republican congressional candidates over Democratic candidates by a 45%-41% margin Among social networking site users, 40% of Republican voters and 38% of Democratic voters used these sites to get involved politically Tea Party supporters were especially likely to friend a candidate or political group on a social networking site during the 2010 election—22% of such users did this, significantly higher than all other groups “The social networking population as a whole has grown larger and demographically more diverse in recent years, and the same is true when it comes to political activity on social networking sites.” said Aaron Smith, a Senior Researcher Specialist at the Pew Research Center’s Internet & American Life Project and author of the report. “These platforms are now utilized by politically active individuals of all ages and ideologies to get news, connect with others, and offer their thoughts on the issues that are important to them.” The main reason Americans follow political groups on social networking sites or Twitter is that doing so helps them feel more personally connected to the candidates or groups they follow—36% say that this is a “major” reason they follow these groups or candidates, and an additional 35% say it is a “minor” reason. Two-thirds (67%) of those who follow politicians or other political groups on social networking sites or Twitter say that the information posted by those they follow is interesting and relevant, and a similar number say that they pay attention to most (26%) or some (40%) of the material posted by the politicians or groups they follow. These findings come from a nationwide telephone survey of 2,257 American adults (including 755 interviewed on cell phones) conducted between November 3 and November 24, 2010. The margin of error is three percentage points for results based on internet users (n=1,628). About the Pew Research Center’s Internet & American Life Project The Pew Research Center’s Internet & American Life Project is one of seven projects that make up the Pew Research Center, a nonpartisan, nonprofit “fact tank” that provides information on the issues, attitudes and trends shaping America and the world. The Project produces reports exploring the impact of the internet on families, communities, work and home, daily life, education, health care, and civic and political life. The Project aims to be an authoritative source on the evolution of the internet through surveys that examine how Americans use the internet and how their activities affect their lives. Report Materials Full Report: 22% of online Americans used social networking or Twitter for politics in 2010 campaign Popular on Pew Research Fact Tank Jun. 13, 2014 How the most ideologically polarized Americans live different lives U.S. Politics Jun. 12, 2014 Political Polarization in the American Public Religion Oct. 7, 2009 Mapping the Global Muslim Population Fact Tank Jun. 18, 2014 The Sunni-Shia divide: Where they live, what they believe and how they view each other Fact Tank Jun. 18, 2014 Where Christian churches, other religions stand on gay marriage Get Pew Research Internet data by email 1615 L Street, NW, Suite 700 Washington, DC 20036 202.419.4300 | Main 202.419.4349 | Fax 202.419.4372 | Media Inquiries Research Projects Pew Research Center for the People & the Press Pew Research Center’s Journalism Project Pew Research Center’s Internet & American Life Project Pew Research Center’s Religion & Public Life Project Pew Research Center’s Hispanic Trends Project Pew Research Center’s Global Attitudes Project Pew Research Center’s Social & Demographic Trends Follow Pew Research Email Newsletters Facebook Twitter Tumblr YouTube Google+ RSS About Pew Research Pew Research Center is a nonpartisan fact tank that informs the public about the issues, attitudes and trends shaping America and the world. It conducts public opinion polling, demographic research, media content analysis and other empirical social science research. Pew Research does not take policy positions. It is a subsidiary of The Pew Charitable Trusts. Copyright 2014 Pew Research Center Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Feedback Careers Find an Expert
http://onward.justia.com/2011/02/07/social-media-is-increasingly-important-in-political-campaigns/
Justia.com Lawyer Directory Legal Answers Justia Blog more ? Justia Blog Verdict Law Blog Directory Legal Forms - - - - - US Law    US Supreme Court Cases    Federal Cases    US Constitution    US Code    Federal Regulations Federal Dockets State Cases State Codes & Statutes - - - - - Marketing Services Sign In Justia News Legal Marketing Social Media Legal News Legal Research RSS Justia > Law, Technology & Legal Marketing Blog > 2011 > February > Social Media is Increasingly Important in... Daniel Lopez Author RSS Social Media is Increasingly Important in Political Campaigns February 7, 2011 February 7, 2011 Tweet Share on Tumblr Tweet The world has changed since the last time Jerry Brown was at the helm of the State of California. First elected to statewide office in 1970, Governor Brown is no stranger to campaigning throughout the “Golden State.” One major difference between the campaign that eventually brought him his first tenure as governor and his 2010 campaign was his use of social media. Since President Barack Obama’s use of social media in his presidential campaign, many other prospective lawmakers have used social media as a way to get their message out to voters. Social media is becoming increasingly important as traditional marketing channels are becoming less effective. Printed newspaper ads, for example, are costly to run and do not reach the same number of people that a Facebook fan profile or Twitter profile have the possibility of reaching. Social media profiles are almost always free to create. However, most candidates have a paid staff member or team that creates, monitors and updates these profiles on behalf of the candidate. Governor Brown showed his love of social media by placing a profile on all of the major social media websites: Governor Brown’s Facebook Profile Governor Brown’s Twitter Profile Governor Brown’s MySpace Profile Brown’s LinkedIn Profile Governor Brown’s YouTube Channel All of the aforementioned profiles were linked from his campaign’s website www.jerrybrown.org and were crucial to promoting himself to Generation X, Y and Z voters. Social Media is definitely in the future of political campaigning. Are politicians in major states able to win elections without social media? What does social media mean for you? Is social media essential for business owners? The trends all point to the fact that social media websites are an essential tool for promoting yourself in the 21st century. Posted in: Social Media Tagged: jerry brown, political campaigns, Social Media Leave a comment Connect with Justia Today on Verdict The Legal Price of Adultery Goes Down: North Carolina and West Virginia Abandon Heartbalm Actions Hofstra University law professor Joanna Grossman and Stanford University law professor Lawrence Friedman discuss the erosion of “heartbalm” laws—legal claims against the extramarital lover of one’s spouse—in North Carolina and West Virginia. By Joanna L. Grossman and Lawrence M. Friedman New on Onward Justia’s Weekly Writers’ Picks – June 13, 2014 June 13, 2014 Signed, Sealed, Delivered: Justia Weekly Writers’ Picks June 6, 2014 June 6, 2014 10 Shocking Cases That Will Change Your Understanding of American History May 30, 2014 Who Let the Dogs Out? Justia Weekly Writers’ Picks May 30, 2014 May 30, 2014 Today We Honor Our Fallen Troops May 26, 2014 Onward Archives 2014 June May April March February January 2013 December November October September August July June May April March February January 2012 December November October September August July June May April March February January 2011 December November October September August July June May April March February January 2010 December November October September August 2009 November August March February January 2008 November October September July June May April March February January 2007 December November October September July June May April March February January 2006 December November October September August July June May April March February January 2005 December November October September August July June May April March February January Connect with Justia Follow JustiaCom Like Justia Justia on Avatars by Sterling Adventures Copyright © Justia :: Company :: Terms of Service :: Privacy Policy :: Contact Us
http://blogs.denverpost.com/techknowbytes/2011/01/27/22-of-net-users-engaged-with-2010-political-campaigns-via-facebooktwitter/285/
January 27, 2011, 9:59 am 22% of net users engaged with 2010 political campaigns via Facebook/Twitter By Andy Vuong The Denver Post Comments (1)   Print Tweet [media-credit name="Twitter" align="alignright" width="150"][/media-credit] About 21 percent of online adults used a social networking site such as Facebook or MySpace in the months leading up to the November elections to connect to the campaign or the election itself, and another 2 percent of online adults did so using Twitter, according to a new report by the Pew Research Center. (The report doesn’t classify Twitter as a social networking site). That works out to a total of 22 percent of adult Internet users who engaged with the political campaign via Twitter or social networking sites. Here’s a break down of the engagement: • 11 percent of online adults discovered on a social networking site who their friends voted for in the November elections • 9 percent of online adults received candidate or campaign information on social networking sites or Twitter • 8 percent of online adults posted political content on Twitter or a social networking site • 7 percent of online adults friended a candidate or political group on a social networking site, or followed them on Twitter • 7 percent of online adults started or joined a political group on a social networking site • 1 percent of online adults used Twitter to follow the election results as they were happening. The results were based on a national telephone survey of 2,257 adults conducted Nov. 3-24. Comments (1)  Print Tweet Categories: Facebook, General, Social Networking, Technology, Twitter Next Post » AT&T and Verizon ending upgrade offers « Previous Post Colorado ranks No. 3 in tech and science index Comments A valid email address is required to comment on blog posts. You may also choose to sign in using Facebook, Twitter, Yahoo!, OpenID or DISQUS. Comments are moderated and may not appear immediately. We reserve the right to remove an comment we feel is spammy, NSFW, defamatory, rude, or reckless to the community. We expect everyone to be respectful of other commenters. It’s fine to have differences of opinion, but there’s no need to act like a jerk. Use your own words (don’t copy and paste from elsewhere), be honest and don’t pretend to be someone (or something) you’re not. Read our full Ground Rules Pingback: Tweets that mention 22% of net users engaged with 2010 political campaigns via Facebook/Twitter | TechKnow Bytes — The Denver Post -- Topsy.com Most Popular Viewed Commented Recent Last 48 hours Carrier Wars: T-Mobile's Un-carrier 5.0 (and 6) and AT&T's big Amazon Fire Phone win Forget the $1,500 Google Glass, check out Pivothead Smart for $400 Instacart launches one-hour grocery delivery service in Denver Review: Dumping a MacBook Air for a Lenovo Yoga, and fixes for trackpad bug and HD space Dish Network rated as worst company to work for in America for 2nd straight year Latest Posts Instacart launches one-hour grocery delivery service in Denver Carrier Wars: T-Mobile’s Un-carrier 5.0 (and 6) and AT&T’s big Amazon Fire Phone win Scott McNealy’s Denver-based social startup Wayin raises another $12 million Netscape co-founder Jim Clark pumps millions into Denver-based startup Top 10 Denver-based Kickstarter projects includes recent million dollar campaign Most Commented Dish Network CEO says label as America's worst company to work for is "ridiculous" — 359 comments CenturyLink and union fail to reach new deal, extend expired pact — 142 comments Dish Network rated as worst company to work for in America for 2nd straight year — 63 comments Review: Dumping a MacBook Air for a Lenovo Yoga, and fixes for trackpad bug and HD space — 45 comments SendGrid fires Adria Richards after online firestorm over inappropriate jokes — 44 comments Subscribe to Blog via Email Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Meet the Bloggers Andy Vuong Business Reporter Follow @andyvuong Andy Vuong joined The Denver Post as a business reporter in 2000 after graduating from the University of Colorado at Boulder with a news-editorial degree. His primary beat is technology. Over the years, his coverage has included everything from aviation to federal courts. » Read his full biography Eric Lubbers Mobile Editor Follow @ericjlubbers Eric Lubbers is the Mobile Editor of The Denver Post, after 6 years as a reporter and managing editor for YourHub. » Read his full biography Laura Keeney Online News Producer Follow @LauraKeeney Laura is an online news producer and journalist with The Denver Post. Over the last 20 years, she's covered everything from agribusiness to punk rock. » Read her full biography Alicia Wallace Boulder Daily Camera Reporter Follow @dc_alicia In my role as the Boulder Daily Camera's sole business reporter, I've been lucky because the Boulder Bubble and its outskirts have no shortage of ... » Read her full biography Andy Vuong Twitter @andyvuong Multimedia Business Videos Recent Comments “There is nothing crazed about it. You provide no evidence to back up your assertion. There are...” — milliman On Broomfield’s Level 3 accuses five U.S. Internet service providers of throttling traffic May 14, 2014, 10:23 am “To crazed ideologues, no. Centralized control of many processes, whether by the government or other...” — RobertChase On Broomfield’s Level 3 accuses five U.S. Internet service providers of throttling traffic May 13, 2014, 9:30 pm “Government takeover is never the answer. It always amounts to a lower quality of service for all and...” — milliman On Broomfield’s Level 3 accuses five U.S. Internet service providers of throttling traffic May 12, 2014, 9:57 am Posts by Category Select Category 4G  (28) Android  (2) app.net  (1) Apple  (48) AT&T  (60) CenturyLink  (29) CES 2013  (9) CES 2014  (5) Chrome  (1) Clearwire  (6) Colorado jobs  (3) Comcast  (17) Consumer Electronics Show  (13) denver startup week  (1) directv  (1) Dish Network  (75) EAGLE-Net  (5) Facebook  (17) FCC  (15) foursquare  (1) General  (319) Google  (20) HTC  (1) Internet  (34) iPhone  (27) iphone 5  (13) Julius Genachowski  (6) Level 3 Communications  (9) lyft  (6) microsoft  (3) Net Neutrality  (4) Qwest  (22) samsung  (3) Security  (3) Social Networking  (22) Software  (5) Sprint  (30) startups  (18) Studies  (1) SXSW  (29) T-Mobile  (27) Technology  (341) techstars  (10) Telecommunications  (179) Twitter  (19) uber  (10) uberx  (6) Verizon Wireless  (35) WordPress  (2) Xfinity  (4) TechKnow Bytes Archives June 2014 (7) May 2014 (9) April 2014 (8) March 2014 (10) February 2014 (8) January 2014 (21) December 2013 (18) November 2013 (9) October 2013 (7) September 2013 (17) August 2013 (15) July 2013 (16) June 2013 (9) May 2013 (9) April 2013 (22) March 2013 (36) February 2013 (22) January 2013 (26) December 2012 (14) November 2012 (21) October 2012 (18) September 2012 (16) August 2012 (21) July 2012 (22) June 2012 (28) May 2012 (14) April 2012 (17) March 2012 (19) February 2012 (10) January 2012 (17) December 2011 (14) November 2011 (10) October 2011 (8) September 2011 (7) August 2011 (12) July 2011 (7) June 2011 (10) May 2011 (7) April 2011 (7) March 2011 (16) February 2011 (13) January 2011 (14) December 2010 (10) 0 (236) About TechKnow Bytes Insight on all things tech and telecom, with an emphasis on developments that matter most to Colorado and the West. Subscribe TechKnow Bytes RSS feed Denver Post feed directory
http://whitestarstrategies.com/Political-Online-Media.html
Political Consulting Campaign Management Political Advertising Direct Mail Polling Political Calls Online Media       "He who can modify his tactics in relation to his opponent and thereby succeed in winning, may be called a captain." Sun-Tzu, The Art of War The importance of political campaign websites and social networking sites have been increasing over the past several years. Your campaign cannot succeed without an effective "complete" web strategy. Your campaign website if far more than political "campaign sign" online. A political website that coordinates with social networking sites like Facebook and Twitter is a conduit for you to speak directly to each and every voter and let them speak to you. A well coordinated online campaign will involve YOUR voters directly in the campaign. With Whitestar Strategies at the helm of your online campaign we will develop the best online presence for you campaign. Whitestar, using polling and proper campaign message development, will create the best online strategy for your campaign. We will maximize you on le fundraising, and create dynamic content that will keep your voting base interested while attracting undecided voters. Websites and social networking are one of the most cost effective tools that your campaign can employ. With the rising cost of television and direct mail advertising online make more sense than ever. Unless you are an incumbent earned media might be hard to develop but by optimizing your web presence you can develop a loyal following that can rival the number of voting network viewers. More than ever the most cost effective fundraising you campaign can do is online. Whitestar Strategies will employ the latest tools to amplify your message with the voters, for instance your campaign might well benefit from more that one website. By employing "microwebsites" we can generate separate sites for specific media campaigns or aspects of your campaign message. these sites can effectively generate voter interest in your campaign by focusing on a single message that is most important to them. Whitestar will develop comprehensive web solution for your campaign and help you campaign leverage the web into money and voters for your campaign. We specialize in the consulting and management of political campaigns (legislative, local, and other state wide down ballot campaigns) judicial campaigns , and ballot initatives across the country. We develop poltical campaigns and initaives in states like Florida, Georgia, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, Texas, Virginia, Maryland, New Jersey and Pennsylvania. We offer clients across the country a full range of products and services from direct mail to campaign signs.   Political Advertising Political Services Political Campaign Management Judicial Campaign Management Political Campaign Consulting Polling Political Direct Mail Samples Political Websites Telephones Political Campaign Signs Large Political Signs Political Specialty Items Copyright 2011 Whitestar Strategies, LLC, All Rights reserved Website by Whitestar Strategies
http://www.capitolsocial.com/social-media-for-political-campaigns/
Home Web Sites Social Media Management Social Media for Your Business Internet Advocacy Social Media for Political Campaigns Branded Social Media Sites Blog Contact Us About Us Social Media for Political Campaigns Home » Social Media for Political Campaigns A Wise Man Once Said, “Money is the mother’s milk of politics.” Like it or not…he was right. Campaigns can cost-effectively raise funds and build support using innovative internet techniques.  Donor pockets aren’t as deep these days, and clients expect consultants to know how to maximize use of the internet with an integrated social media strategy.  Unlike direct mail and traditional advertisements, internet analytics will verify the effectiveness of each campaign communication.  You know instantly what works – and what doesn’t. Social media is a communication tool that cannot be ignored.  Over 800 Million people seem to like Facebook.. Keeping up with the technical aspects of social networking is the challenge.  The development of platforms like Facebook and Foursquare change daily – offering opportunities, and malfunctioning sites if in-house staff is not up on the latest development.   Capitol Social has their finger on the pulse of the latest internet advancements.  You don’t have to keep up with current apps and algorithms, we’ll handle it for you. Political and Issue Campaign Solutions: Rich Interactive Videos (RIVs) – lead discussions on issues and direct visitors to more information based on their comments. Fanpages on Facebook -  the new web sites, but with the capability to exponentially grow a base of support.  Coming from a trusted source, such as a friend or opinion leader, messages are well-received and visitors are more likely to become engaged by sharing, donating and signing up to volunteer. Multi-media News Releases – branded interactive emails that include embedded video, downloadable photo galleries, biographies, audio soundbites, and links to detailed background information.  Today’s news release will be distributed beyond traditional media journalists, including bloggers and the general public. eBlast Campaigns – event invitations and campaign updates with the look and feel that attracts supporters and donors.  Engage visitors with opportunities to express their views, react to your latest announcement, and share with their network of friends. Reputation Management – now standard in any campaign,  providing the opportunity to lead the conversation, and redirect visitors to your perspective on the issues and personalities of importance to your client. Discussion Forums – start and lead discussions on key issues in your community.  Use the data to build lists of supporters and potential donors.   Contact us to learn how we can help you reach community leaders, voters and donors through interactive media and eBlast campaigns. SocialNetting Twitter Stream Some new rules for the internet - pay to be seen; and right to be forgotten - in Europe anyway. http://t.co/3ecVKY8rBd Reviewing the basics from the pros at Twitter/LinkedIn/Facebook #WLW14 Complicated isn't always better.. Lost a good man this week - RIP Ron Smith. I will always remember his wit, joy of life and strategic support for moderate GOPers. Central Valley Rails to Trails will hold #TrailFest2014 on October 11 - in Elk Grove CA - save the date! http://t.co/FL7PfcCF3S Visit My Profile Good Read Create Your Own WordPress Site The Mahan Group is pleased to recommend vendors who have demonstrated consistent quality and excellent support services. We only recommend companies that we use ourselves. By using these companies, our clients internet marketing campaigns will have every advantage to succeed; and we also benefit in two ways…our clients will be happy and we are rewarded for our recommendation by the vendors. Home About Us Web Sites Branded Social Media Sites Internet Advocacy Mahan Group Web Design & Workshops Social Media for Your Business Social Media Management Contact Us Copyright Capitol Social Internet Strategies 2013
