http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2011/01/27/biden-aide-jay-carney-replace-robert-gibbs-white-house-press-secretary/
Add to Home Screen%device Search Sign in to comment! Politics Home Midterm Elections Executive Senate House of Representatives Defense Judiciary Scandals Congress To-Do List Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports On Air Fox News Fox Business Fox News Latino Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Menu FoxNews.com Politics Search Vice President Joe Biden\'s communications director will become the next White House press secretary.<\/p>", baynoteOrOutbrain:"outbrain", commenting: "true", partnerInfo: {"partner": {"source": "","info": []}} }; var disqus_identifier = "85b97da1a1a04310VgnVCM100000d7c1a8c0RCRD"; var disqus_category_id = "462854"; var disqus_developer = 1; Politics Home Midterm Elections Executive Senate House of Representatives Defense Judiciary Scandals Executive Biden Aide Jay Carney to Replace Robert Gibbs as White House Press Secretary Published January 27, 2011 FoxNews.com Facebook Twitter livefyre Vice President Biden's communications director, Jay Carney, is being tapped to replace Robert Gibbs as White House Press SecretaryFNC WASHINGTON -- Vice President Joe Biden's communications director will become the next White House press secretary. Jay Carney, a former Time magazine reporter, will replace Robert Gibbs as the chief spokesman and one of the most public faces of the administration. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Sources say Carney, 45, impressed President Obama, new chief of staff Bill Daley and senior advisor David Plouffe during the interview process. Biden also pushed hard for Carney, who has personal relationships with many journalists in Washington that extend well beyond his years in the Obama administration. While sources said the White House had serious interest in finding a woman to serve as the president's top spokesperson, Carney "hit it out of the park" during the interview process. Carney's interest in the job is a turnaround from March 2006, when he was asked by C-Span about the role of White House press secretary. "The best, best press secretaries were very deft at serving both their boss, the president, the White House, the administration, and the press, and-and not, it's a tricky job, I'm sure I wouldn't be any good at it," he said at the time. The decision is part of a package of new personnel changes at the White House. Daley announced the changes in an e-mail to staff on Thursday, saying they would offer more clarity and coordination to Obama's operation.  "I look forward to working with all of you -- those in existing roles as well as those filling new roles -- in the weeks and months ahead," Daley wrote. "We have a great team." Among the other moves: White House officials Alyssa Mastromonaco and Nancy-Ann DeParle will be promoted to deputy chief of staff positions. Rob Nabors will replace Phil Schiliro as the president's legislative director. In choosing Carney, Obama went with someone who is inside his circle yet also seen to understand the needs of the White House press corps as a former member of its ranks. Carney built his career as a reporter, covering the presidencies of Bill Clinton and George W. Bush for Time and rising to the position of the magazine's Washington bureau chief. He is married to Claire Shipman, a senior correspondent at ABC News. Carney will not hold the type of counselor role to the president that Gibbs has formed over years by serving as a top aide to Obama from the time the president was a state senator in Illinois and all through his run for the White House. But Carney will be given every access he needs to the president and other decision-makers within the White House so he is in position to speak with full authority to reporters, the official told the AP. The other candidates given serious consideration for the job include three members of Obama's press operation: deputy press secretary Bill Burton, well-known for standing behind the briefing podium on days when Gibbs did not; Josh Earnest, a fellow deputy press secretary; and Jen Psaki, the deputy communications director. The official said the president has deep respect and affection for all of them. The White House also gave a hard look at Karen Finney, a longtime Democratic strategist who works as a political analyst on MSNBC, and Doug Hattaway, a Democratic communications consultant who formerly served as a top press aide to Hillary Rodham Clinton. Fox News' Mike Emanuel and The Associated Press contributed to this report. Advertisement Trending in Politics 1 Kansas boy fighting back after outdoor library shut down by ordinance 2 'You have a problem with credibility': IRS chief comes under fire at House hearing 3 Biden admits to having ‘no savings account,’ plans to live off taxpayers 4 Hillary Not 'Truly Well Off'? Obama allies call her an out-of-touch Romney 5 White House official subpoenaed by Issa agrees to attend hearing on missing IRS emails See all Trends Advertisement Fox NewsPolitics Politics Home Executive Senate House of Representatives Defense Judiciary Scandals Congress To-Do List Presidential Approval Approve 51% Disapprove 47% More details Congressional Approval Approve 13% Disapprove 75% More details FoxNews.com Back to Top ©2014 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. All market data delayed 20 minutes. Privacy - Terms - FAQ
http://www.politico.com/news/stories/0111/48311.html
Top Skip to Content Home
http://voices.washingtonpost.com/thefix/white-house/white-house-picks-tk-as-new-pr.html
washingtonpost.com '); document.write(levelA[i].substring(levelA[i].indexOf(',')+1, levelA[i].length)); document.write(''); break; } } if(node.indexOf('/')!=-1) { var levelB = node.substring(node.indexOf('/')+1, node.length); blowout = getDeepLinks(section+'/'); for(var i=0;i '); document.write(blowout[i].substring(blowout[i].indexOf(',')+1, blowout[i].length)); document.write(''); break; } } }   >   The Fix  Network News X My Profile Friends' Activity View More Activity The Fast Fix Tim Pawlenty: Movie star? Follow The Fix on The Fix About Chris  |    @TheFix  @TheHyperFix  @FixAaron  @FixFelicia  |    Facebook  |  Fast Fix  |    RSS The Fast Fix Chris Cillizza is your man in Washington, breaking down the political news of the day -- 60 seconds at a time. Watch the show here -- live every day at 7 a.m. And if you've got a political issue you'd like to see broken down on The Fast Fix, send an e-mail. The Fix Newsletters Get the Morning Fix and the new Afternoon Fix delivered to your inbox or mobile device for easy access to the top political stories of the day. All you need is one click to get Morning Fix and Afternoon Fix! The Live Fix Join the Fix Fridays at 11 a.m. ET to discuss the latest in campaigns and political news. •Live Q & A • Transcripts •   RSS Feed Politics & Pints Love political trivia? Send an email with "Politics and Pints" in the subject line to us and we'll make sure you know about upcoming "Politics and Pints" events. Search This Blog   Recent Posts Rahm Emanuel ruled eligible for Chicago mayoral race White House picks Jay Carney as new press secretary Mike Pence passes on 2012 presidential bid The GOP's quiet evolution on gay rights Fast Fix: Tim Pawlenty, movie star? (VIDEO) Entries By Category Afternoon Fix Daily Fix Poll Eye on 2012 Fast Fix Fix Daily Poll Fix Endorsement Hierarchy Fix Faceoff Fix Poll Fix Weekly Face-Offs Governors Hall of Fame House Live Fix Mapping the Future Morning Fix Most Important Number Mouthpiece Theater Redistricting Senate Short Takes Supreme Court The Line The Rising Wag The Blog Weekly Matchups What To Watch For White House Winners and Losers Worst Week in Washington Full Category Archive Entries By Date Full Weekly Archive Subscribe Select ... RSS Feed Close Hall of Fame Check out the latest inductees in the Fix's political pantheon. The Best State Blogs The best of the best of state-based political blogs -- as of April 2009. The Fix Blog Roll Achenblog Andrew Sullivan The Atlantic Politics Channel Ben Smith CitizenTube Ezra Klein First Read Fishbowl DC Fix Best of State Blogs 538 George Stephanopoulos GOP 12 Jake Tapper Mediaite The Page The Scorecard Slate Posted at 5:27 PM ET, 01/27/2011 White House picks Jay Carney as new press secretary By Chris Cillizza and Anne E. Kornblut President Obama has chosen former journalist Jay Carney to replace press secretary Robert Gibbs, a longtime loyalist, when he leaves the post in mid-February -- one of a number of staff changes announced today by White House chief of staff Bill Daley. Daley also named two new deputy chiefs of staff: Nancy-Ann DeParle, director of the Office of Health Reform, and Alyssa Mastromonaco, White House director of scheduling and advance. (For a full list of staff changes, scroll to the bottom of this post.) "I believe these decisions will bring greater clarity to our structure and roles and will enhance coordination and collaboration among us," Daley wrote in an email announcing the moves. Carney, now the communications director for Vice President Biden, is the marquee move as he will assume perhaps the most high profile staff job in the White House. He came to the Administration in 2008 after a long career in journalism that included serving as Washington bureau chief of Time magazine. Carney is married to ABC News' correspondent Claire Shipman. The White House had made clear it was interested in tapping an outsider for the post -- particularly after Bill Daley was named the new chief of staff. Yet finding a successor to Gibbs has been no easy task. He enjoyed a close relationship with Obama dating back to 2004 when he worked on the president's Senate campaign. Gibbs is expected to open his own consulting operation and appear on television as a prominent surrogate for the president. He will also be involved in the planning stages of Obama's reelection bid, which will be led by current deputy White House chief of staff Jim Messina. Obama has undergone a major staff transition in recent weeks. Gone -- or soon to be gone -- are Messina, senior adviser David Axelrod and political director Patrick Gaspard -- all three of whom are leaving the official White House staff to begin preparations for the 2012 presidential campaign. In are Daley and David Plouffe, who managed Obama's 2008 race, among others. Full list of White House staff transitions announced today * Ron Bloom, Assistant to the President for Manufacturing Policy (National Economic Council) * Jay Carney, Assistant to the President and Press Secretary * Stephanie Cutter, Assistant to the President and Deputy Senior Advisor * Nancy-Ann DeParle, Assistant to the President and Deputy Chief of Staff for Policy * David Lane, Assistant to the President and Counselor to the Chief of Staff * Alyssa Mastromonaco, Assistant to the President and Deputy Chief of Staff for Operations * Rob Nabors, Assistant to the President and Director of Legislative Affairs * Emmett Beliveau, Deputy Assistant to the President and Chief of Staff to the Chief of Staff * Jon Carson, Deputy Assistant to the President and Director of the Office of Public Engagement * Danielle Crutchfield, Deputy Assistant to the President and Director of Scheduling and Advance * David Cusack, Deputy Assistant to the President and Director of Advance * Mike Strautmanis, Deputy Assistant to the President and Counselor for Strategic Engagement to the Senior Advisor * Jessica Wright, Deputy Assistant to the President and Director of Scheduling * Brian Deese, Special Assistant to the President and Deputy Director of the National Economic Council 2011 01 27 17 27 By Chris Cillizza and Anne E. Kornblut  | January 27, 2011; 5:27 PM ET Categories:  White House   Save & Share:                    Previous: Mike Pence passes on 2012 presidential bid Next: Rahm Emanuel ruled eligible for Chicago mayoral race 2011 01 27 17 27   Discussion Policy Weigh In     RSS Feed Subscribe to The Post © 2011 The Washington Post Company
http://www.nytimes.com/2011/01/29/us/politics/29carney.html
Help Home Page Today's Paper Video Most Popular Please Log In PLEASE LOG IN Log in to manage your products and services from The New York Times and the International New York Times. Don't have an account yet? Create an account » Subscribed through iTunes and need an NYTimes.com account? Learn more » Email or Member ID Password Forgot Password? Remember Me Log In Contact Us NYTimes.com » Home Delivery » © 2014 The New York Times Company Site Map Privacy Your Ad Choices Advertise Terms of Sale Terms of Service Work With Us RSS Help Contact Us Site Feedback
http://www.politicsdaily.com/2011/01/27/jay-carney-to-replace-robert-gibbs-as-white-house-press-secretar/
AOL News has a new home! The Huffington Post. Click here to visit the new home of Politics Daily! Hot on HuffPost: Charlie Crist Accused Of Causing 'Lost Generation Of… The Top Races To Watch In The June 24 Primaries See More Stories MAIL Politics Daily Home About Topics Topics White House 2012 President Immigration Religion Egypt Crisis Military Economy International Latest Polls Reagan Centennial Features Featured Sections Woman Up Daily Flotus Chaos Theory Matt Lewis and the News Poll Watch Republic of Dish Disputations Deep Background Media Requests Help & Feedback Obama: Allies Will Soon Take Control of Libyan Campaign  - Politics Daily Staff Democrats Could Lose Senate, Biden Warns Party  - Politics Daily Staff South Dakota Governor Signs Tough Abortion Bill Into Law  - Politics Daily Staff Obama Getting Heat From Left and Right for U.S. Role in Libyan Attacks  - Politics Daily Staff Allied Airstrikes Buoy Libyan Rebels; Obama Stresses Limited Military Goal  - Politics Daily Staff Opposition Rises to Increased Nuclear Power Use; Offshore Drilling Support Rebounds  - Bruce Drake French Warplanes Enforcing Ceasefire in Libya After Gadhafi Keeps Up Attacks  - Politics Daily Staff Economic Issues Underpin Obama's Trip to Brazil, Chile, El Salvador  - Politics Daily Staff Obama to Gadhafi: Stop the Attacks or Face Military Action  - Politics Daily Staff House to Consider Bill to Defund National Public Radio  - Politics Daily Staff New Fire Breaks Out at Damaged Japanese Nuclear Plant  - Carla Baranauckas Japanese Nuclear Power Plant Rocked by Second Explosion in Quake's Aftermath  - Carla Baranauckas and Bruce Drake Jay Carney to Replace Robert Gibbs as White House Press Secretary 3 years ago   Comments Say Something  » Text Size Email This Christopher Weber Correspondent Author Bio » Contact Author » Subscribe : Jay Carney, who put aside a career in journalism to become spokesman for Vice President Joe Biden, on Thursday was named the new White House press secretary. Carney, the former Washington bureau chief for Time magazine, will replace Robert Gibbs, who said last month that he would step down in February to become an adviser for President Obama's 2012 re-election campaign. White House Chief of Staff Bill Daley made the announcement in an e-mail to staffers that also listed a number of internal personnel moves. Gates is expected to stay in his current role through mid-February. "I believe these decisions will bring greater clarity to our structure and roles and will enhance coordination and collaboration among us," Daley wrote. Carney, who met with Obama over the weekend, joined the administration as Biden's spokesman immediately after the 2008 election. Carney's no stranger to the White House press room, having covered the presidencies of George W. Bush and Bill Clinton for Time. He's married to Claire Shipman, a correspondent for ABC News. A senior administration official told The New York Times that the changes were made for three reasons: to fill the departures typical of a midpoint in the president's term; adjust to the changed dynamic in Congress now that Republicans have a majority in the House and more strength in the Senate; and to answer "valid criticisms" that the White House had become too insular. Observers believe naming Carney was a needed move at a pivotal point in Obama's presidency. "We're at a period where governing is crucial and they felt they had not been as successful as the president would like," Martha Kumar, a Towson University professor who studies White House operations, told Politico. "In fact [Obama has] said that, as far as communications went . . . he wants to have people who can explain policy better, and that means a change in approach." Among the other changes announced in Daley's memo: Nancy-Ann DeParle, who handled health care legislation for the administration, and Alyssa Mastromonaco, who heads the president's scheduling and advance operations, were named deputy chiefs of staff; and Rob Nabors, who has served in the Office of Management and Budget, will lead the White House legislative affairs office. Filed Under:  Obama Administration, 2012 President, White House, 2012 Elections Tagged: dailyguidance, jay carney, president obama, robert gibbs, Vice President Joe Biden, White House Press Secretary More articles from Christopher Weber » Print Our New Approach to Comments In an effort to encourage the same level of civil dialogue among Politics Daily’s readers that we expect of our writers – a “civilogue,” to use the term coined by PD’s Jeffrey Weiss – we are requiring commenters to use their AOL or AIM screen names to submit a comment, and we are reading all comments before publishing them. Personal attacks (on writers, other readers, Nancy Pelosi, George W. Bush, or anyone at all) and comments that are not productive additions to the conversation will not be published, period, to make room for a discussion among those with ideas to kick around. Please read our Help and Feedback section for more info. Add a Comment Sign in » Add a Comment Type your comment here *0 / 3000 Character Maximum Submit Comment Moderation Enabled. Your comment will appear after it is cleared by an editor. 9 10 Comments Filter by: Newest Oldest angeldolllogic Hmmmmm, ahhhhh, uhhh, well, THANK GOODNESS! January 28 2011 at 4:36 PM Report abuse Permalink +1 rate up rate down Reply vpqueen The Messiah just can't resist surrounding himself with left wing fanatics. Carney was a journalist for Time Magazine. That's all you need to know about him. January 28 2011 at 8:26 AM Report abuse Permalink +3 rate up rate down Reply jpepoon I really enjoy Robert Gibbs and am sorry to hear he is leaving government service. He always has a level headed approach to handling the stampeding press corps and is generally able to maintain a civil dialogue in the face of the fanatical desire by the dominant media to drum up negative/scoop information they can distort and pass on to their "readers".... I feel that Jay Carney is an excellent replacement and thought different in temperment than Gibbs still has a sense of humor and the ability to field the diverse range of questions by his scoop hungry protaginistics who we euphemistically call the "Washington Press Corps". Good-by Robert, thank you for your excellent service to our country and congratulations to Jay. I also have always liked Clare Shipman (Carney's espousa). She is an excellent, level headed reporter who lets the news tell the story! Great couple, happy to have them aboard! Thank you! Regards, Jim January 28 2011 at 7:18 AM Report abuse Permalink -2 rate up rate down Reply wra3577984 Friday, January 28, 2011 Imagine....with all the hot air coming out of the Obama administration, does it really matter which former journalist wunderkind delivers this or that prepared speech! As a matter of fact; the back slapping and bloated rhetoric has become so hollow and repetitious it is nauseating to watch and listen to. Let’s hope Mr. Carney can convey the latest info from the current resident in the White House with out the madding Ahhhhhhhh’s and Ummmmmmmmmm’s in each and every sentence as is the case with Mr. Gibbs with his hot air balloon rides, which always seem to bump along the landscape, as opposed to gaining any altitude. WFR January 28 2011 at 7:11 AM Report abuse Permalink +2 rate up rate down Reply sfields435 Ed: Clearly, anyone who joins this administration will be a Dem -- just as those who joined the Bush Administration were Republicans. Time Magazine's current editor does, indeed, lean to the Left -- but why does that upset you when the President & CEO of Fox...and ALL of it's on air personalities...lean SO FAR Right??? AND The Wall St. Journal...The New York Post... & The Washington Post do so as well??? January 28 2011 at 4:14 AM Report abuse Permalink -1 rate up rate down Reply 2 replies to sfields435's comment dukehoops3211 Hello- I know we're not supposed to agree on here, but as a moderately conservative guy, I still believe people aren't reasonable these days to their political oppponets. I completely agree that of course Obama would pick a left-leaning person to represent him as would Bush choose someone right-of-center. I also agree that as much as my side shouldn't worry about how tainted or left MCNBC or NPR or the LA or NY Times is, the lefties shouldn't give a damn about Fox News. If you don't like a paper or station, avoid it. I wish there were more civil-minded posts like yours out there! Brian January 29 2011 at 7:20 AM Report abuse Permalink rate up rate down Reply dukehoops3211 Hello- I know we're not supposed to agree on here, but as a moderately conservative guy, I still believe people aren't reasonable these days to their political oppponets. I completely agree that of course Obama would pick a left-leaning person to represent him as would Bush choose someone right-of-center. I also agree that as much as my side shouldn't worry about how tainted or left MCNBC or NPR or the LA or NY Times is, the lefties shouldn't give a damn about Fox News. If you don't like a paper or station, avoid it. I wish there were more civil-minded posts like yours out there! Brian January 29 2011 at 7:20 AM Report abuse Permalink rate up rate down Reply taxguy527 Carney....a perfect name for a new obama administration official. This administration is a carnival fraud, with almost no real-world experience. Instead, it is loaded up with mostly individuals who have little or no respect for the Private Sector, little if any respect for Capitalism and free markets, and who see Big Govt as the ultimate answer to every problem. God help us. January 28 2011 at 1:46 AM Report abuse Permalink +4 rate up rate down Reply soapyjeans Obama sure like to hire staff from lamestream media, rofl... Jay Carney's wife is the white house correspondent for CBS, isn't that going to be cozy... I also recall a staffer from nbc I think was engaged to the head finance guy. And lets not forget how he hired Anita Dunns husband as a white house attorney. Guess we now know how lamestream media gets the white house talking points so fast, rofl. No wonder the partisan rhetoric just keeps ratcheting up from government media. Just today, Katie Couric reported a report filed by 7 dems on the deficit as though it were fact... What she omitted was the remainder 3 republicans on that committee disagreed with the dems report and will release their own pr in a day or so. Now I wonder why she thought we wouldn't want to know that??? You see with obamamedia, its not so much what they say, its what they leave out, rofl January 28 2011 at 12:49 AM Report abuse Permalink +5 rate up rate down Reply BILL 16 MOS FROM NOW NO ONE WILL REMEMBER WHO GIBBS IS OR WAS---JUST A PASSING PAIN IN THE BUTT FOR THE MEDIA January 27 2011 at 9:55 PM Report abuse Permalink +10 rate up rate down Reply Ed It is not surprising, (to me,) that a Time magazine 'journalist' is leaving his Democrat-oriented journalizing and his Democrat-oriented magazine, and now will more honestly serve the Obama bandwagon. But nevermind, Time can easily replace him with another left-oriented 'journalist'. January 27 2011 at 9:47 PM Report abuse Permalink +18 rate up rate down Reply PD TOPIC PAGES Middle East - Congress Budget - War / Military Economy - 2012 President Follow Politics Daily Facebook Twitter RSS iPhone App Obama Urges Reforms to 'No Child Left Behind' March 14, 2011 | 3 years ago Rep. Gabrielle Giffords Recovering by 'Leaps and Bounds,' Doctors Say March 11, 2011 | 3 years ago Congressional Approval Drops Below 20 Percent, Poll Finds March 11, 2011 | 3 years ago Democrats, Republicans Disagree on Peter King's Muslim Hearings, Poll Finds March 10, 2011 | 3 years ago Will Congress Let Frank Buckles, Last WWI Vet, Lie in Capitol Rotunda? March 08, 2011 | 3 years ago view all » Tracking Political Polls Tracking Political Polls Half of Americans Approve of Obama's Handling of Libya March 22, | 12:46 PM - By Bruce Drake Opposition Rises to Increased Nuclear Power Use; Offshore Drilling Support Rebounds March 21, | 5:08 PM - By Bruce Drake Democrats, Republicans, Independents Differ on Issues That Worry Them Most March 21, | 11:51 AM - By Bruce Drake View All » POPULAR Most Read Oklahoma Senate Candidate Jim Rogers Has a Name -- but Not Much Else Meet Marc Mezvinsky, Chelsea Clinton's Fiancé Kathryn Rogers: 6 Things to Know About Rush Limbaugh's Bride-To-Be Disney's 'Tangled' Takes On the Serious Issue of Emotional Child Abuse Soraya M., Stoned to Death for Being an "Inconvenient Wife'' Lizzy Seeberg's Family Feels Rejected by Notre Dame as Football Star Is Not Charged The Five Most Racist Obama Cartoons? Comics CHAOS THEORY Featuring political comics by Robert and Donna Trussell More>> Woman UP Video Weekly Videos Woman Up, Politics Daily's Online Sunday Show More» TV TV Appearances Showcasing appearances by Politics Daily staff and contributors. More>> News From Our Partners More Stories » Christie Under Investigation for Another Bridge Closing Obama: Time for New Moms to Get Paid Leave White House Memo Argues Right to Kill Americans Back to Iraq? It's Up to Congress In Ruling, EPA Gets 'Almost Everything It Wants' More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » Primary Day: 10 Races to Watch Michelle Obama on Working Part-Time: 'I Was Getting Gypped' Majority Disapprove of Obama's Response to Iraq Crisis No Congress For Old Men? The Note's Must-Reads for Tuesday, June 24, 2014 More Stories » President Obama's Calculated 'Evolution' on Gay Marriage Israel's New Coalition: Why Netanyahu Has Moved to the Center How Small-Size Satellites Could Find Earthlike Exoplanets Big Tech: America's New Corporate Villain? Five Lessons About Work You Won't Learn in School More Stories » If Republicans want respect, they need to stop using the budget as a weapon Congress' election-year trick won't wean Europe off Russian natural gas Why China wants African students to learn Mandarin Does America's survival mean that it's a resilient country? 10 things you need to know today: June 24, 2014 More Stories » More Stories » On Book Leave Daybook: March 18 Grand Bargain Deal: Sides Are Closer Than They Appear CPAC Winners and Losers Monday Political Ledes More Stories » Politics Daily Top News National News World News Tech News Techcrunch Healthy Living Weird News Politics News 2012 Elections Business News Good News More News Fantasy Football NBA MMA NFL Stock Quotes Stock Market News Investing Action America Small Business Movie News More on Aol Green News Sports News Movie News TV News Music News Media News Apple News Comedy Style News Local News New York News Los Angeles News Denver News Chicago News Chicago News Georgetown News Mapquest Weather More Blog/Sites Radio Horoscopes Consumer Help Latino News Heidi Klum Sites and Services Download Toolbar TV Listings Watch TV Shows Health Celeb Gossip Songs, Music Videos Privacy Policy AOL A-Z HuffPost Politics Terms of Use Privacy Policy Trademarks AOL A-Z HELP Advertise With Us © 2011 AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.  
http://www.npr.org/2011/01/27/133280384/obama-picks-jay-carney-for-press-secretary
Skip to Main Content Toggle search Stations Donate Shop Sign In/Register Logout Topics News U.S. World Politics Business Technology Science Health Race & Culture Arts & Life Movies Pop Culture Food Art & Design Performing Arts Photography Books Book Reviews Author Interviews Music First Listen Music Articles Studio Sessions Videos Programs News and Conversations Morning Edition All Things Considered Fresh Air Here & Now The Diane Rehm Show Latino USA On The Media On Point Tell Me More Weekend Edition Saturday Weekend Edition Sunday Storytelling & Humor Ask Me Another Car Talk Radiolab Snap Judgment StoryCorps TED Radio Hour Wait Wait...Don't Tell Me! Music All Songs Considered Alt.Latino First Listen Metropolis Microphone Check Mountain Stage From The Top JazzSet Piano Jazz Song Travels The Thistle & Shamrock World Cafe Listen News > Politics Obama Picks Jay Carney As Press Secretary by NPR Staff and Wires January 27, 2011 4:11 PM ET President Obama has chosen Jay Carney to be the new White House Press Secretary. Carney, who spent the last two years as Vice President Joe Biden's press secretary, will take over next month for departing spokesman Robert Gibbs. Before that, he helped to cover the White House for Time magazine. Carney will soon be on the other side of the briefing room lectern, serving as the chief spokesman for the Obama administration, a role that has been occupied by Robert Gibbs. Earlier this month, Gibbs announced he's leaving the White House. He'll be giving paid speeches and consulting for the Obama re-election campaign. In choosing Carney, 45, Obama went with someone who is inside his circle yet also seen to understand the needs of the White House press corps as a former member of its ranks. As a reporter, Carney covered the presidencies of Bill Clinton and George W. Bush and rose to the position of the magazine's Washington bureau chief. The decision was part of a package of new personnel changes at the White House. Obama's new chief of staff, Bill Daley, announced the changes in an e-mail to staff on Thursday, saying they would offer more clarity and coordination to Obama's operation. "I look forward to working with all of you, those in existing roles as well as those filling new roles, in the weeks and months ahead," Daley wrote. "We have a great team." Among the other moves: White House officials Alyssa Mastromonaco and Nancy-Ann DeParle were promoted to deputy chief of staff positions. Rob Nabors replaced Phil Schiliro as the president's legislative director. Carney will not hold the type of counselor role to the president that Gibbs has formed over years by serving as a top aide to Obama from the time the president was a state senator in Illinois and all through his run for the White House. But Carney will be given every access he needs to the president and other decision-makers within the White House so he is in position to speak with full authority, a White House official said. Unlike some of those considered for the job, including all of the ones who work inside the building, Carney does not have a deep campaign history of working for Obama and has only come to know him during the last two years. Carney worked for Time magazine for 20 years, most recently serving as Washington bureau chief from 2005-2008. He speaks Russian and was based in Moscow for Time from 1990-1993, covering the collapse of the Soviet Union. His first job in journalism was at the Miami Herald, where he worked from 1987-1988 before being hired by Time. Carney was born in Washington, D.C., and raised in northern Virginia. He's married to ABC News correspondent Claire Shipman. Daley, senior adviser David Plouffe and communications director Dan Pfeiffer ran the review process for Gibbs' successor, and Obama met with some of the candidates. As a former journalist, Carney may be more sympathetic to the needs of the White House press corps than Gibbs has been, though Carney is known for occasionally blowing up at reporters when he thinks they're getting the story wrong. Share Facebook Twitter Google+ Email Comment More From Politics Politics Will Mississippi's Black Democrats Save A Republican? Around the Nation Calif. Lawmakers To Debate Controversial Gun-Control Bill Politics A Bear On The Loose In Washington Politics IRS Head Says No Obstruction Of Congress In Probe More From Politics Comments   You must be signed in to leave a comment. Sign In / Register Please keep your community civil. All comments must follow the NPR.org Community rules and terms of use, and will be moderated prior to posting. NPR reserves the right to use the comments we receive, in whole or in part, and to use the commenter's name and location, in any medium. See also the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Community FAQ. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Support comes from: Search Home Topics Programs Donate Stations NPR Shop Sign In / Register Logout Back News U.S. World Politics Business Technology Science Health Race & Culture Arts & Life Movies Pop Culture Food Art & Design Performing Arts Photography Books Book Reviews Author Interviews Music First Listen Music Articles Studio Sessions Videos Our Blogs Corrections All About NPR Back news & conversations storytelling & humor music also heard on npr stations Back Morning Edition All Things Considered Fresh Air Here & Now The Diane Rehm Show Latino USA On The Media On Point Science Friday Tell Me More Weekend Edition Saturday Weekend Edition Sunday Back Ask Me Another Car Talk Radiolab Snap Judgment StoryCorps TED Radio Hour Wait Wait...Don't Tell Me! Back All Songs Considered Alt.Latino First Listen Metropolis Microphone Check Mountain Stage From The Top JazzSet Piano Jazz Song Travels The Thistle & Shamrock World Cafe Back A Prairie Home Companion (APM) Marketplace (APM) Science Friday This American Life (PRI) Public Radio Programs A to Z NPR thanks our sponsors Become an NPR sponsor Support NPR NPR Shop Support The Programs You Love <\/script>'); } News U.S. World Opinion Politics Business Technology Science Health Sports Arts & Life Books Movies Pop Culture Food Performing Arts Games & Humor Music Music Articles Music Videos NPR Music Radio Browse Artists A-Z All Songs Considered Alt.Latino First Listen Metropolis Microphone Check Mountain Stage From The Top JazzSet Piano Jazz Song Travels The Thistle & Shamrock World Cafe Programs All Things Considered Ask Me Another Car Talk The Diane Rehm Show Fresh Air Here & Now Latino USA Morning Edition On The Media On Point Science Friday TED Radio Hour Tell Me More Wait Wait...Don't Tell Me! Weekend Edition Saturday Weekend Edition Sunday Listen Hourly News NPR Program Stream Find Station Streams Podcasts More Ways To Listen About Contact Us NPR Shop Visit NPR Careers at NPR Press Room 'This Is NPR' Blog Support and Sponsor Corrections NPR Ombudsman Permissions Email Newsletters RSS Feeds The NPR API © 2014 NPR Help Contact Terms of Use Privacy Sponsorship Choices Text-Only © 2014 NPR
