http://www.inc.com/guides/201101/10-tips-for-becoming-usda-certified-as-organic.html
STARTUP BEST INDUSTRIES FUNDING INCUBATORS BUSINESS PLANS NAMING HOME-BASED BUSINESS GROW STRATEGY OPERATIONS SALES MARKETING CUSTOMER SERVICE FRANCHISES LEAD COMPANY-CULTURE DECISION-MAKING PRESENTATION ETHICS SUCCESSION INNOVATE BRAINSTORMING INVENTING DESIGN PIVOT TECHNOLOGY PEOPLE HIRING PRODUCTIVITY TEAM-BUILDING MOTIVATING COACHING HR/BENEFITS MONEY BOOTSTRAPPING CROWDFUNDING VENTURE CAPITAL BORROWING BUSINESS MODELS PERSONAL FINANCE VIDEO INC. LIVE HOW I DID IT FOUNDERS FORUM TREP LIFE PLAYBOOK BRANSON UP CLOSE IDEA LAB INC. 5000 SPECIAL REPORTS PRODUCTIVITY PLAYBOOK DATA DETECTIVES REINVENTION CENTRAL FOUNDERS FORUM HOW I DID IT GROWCO Inc. 5000 Application Magazine Newsletters Events Advertise Subscribe Login or signup 36 CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY 10 Tips for Becoming USDA Certified as Organic BY Christine Lagorio-Chafkin  @Lagorio Want your natural product to bear the USDA's organic seal of approval? We've talked to the experts to get their best tips for going officially organic. Advertisement Everything organic seems to be at a premium these days—both in price and in cultural capital. If your company is seeking USDA Organic certification for a product, process, or facility, through the National Organic Program, you know it's a long slog through a slightly byzantine process. Within the United States, organic production is a system that is managed in accordance with the Organic Foods Production Act of 1990, as well as federal regulations that apply to the land where organic food, beverages, or products are grown. As part of the United States Department of Agriculture, the National Organic Program "develops, implements, and administers national production, handling, and labeling standards" for organics, according to the USDA. The ability to obtain organic certification has only been around since 2002, and according to Miles McEvoy, the deputy administrator of the National Organic Program, it exists to set "the standards for creating a biological-based crop production system." For processed organic foods, the National Organic Program deals in "product identity, product labeling, and handling all the way from farm to packaged product," McEvoy says. If you're considering working toward organic certification, first check out the National Organic Program's website for guidelines, for help finding a regional certifier and inspector, and for regulation updates. We've talked to experts on navigating the process of going organic and have compiled their tips below. 1. Before you start, nail down a market. Just because it's organic doesn't mean it's going to sell, says McEvoy. "What I would tell farmers if they're interested in organics is that they have to find their market first. Just because you grow it doesn't mean you're going to be able to find a buyer right away," he says. For some farms and producers, the process of certification can take years and hold unforeseen challenges. McEvoy stresses the importance of understanding how to clear your certifications, labels, and organic sources of ingredients, but moreover, first make sure there is a market for your product before you even begin. 2. Give it time, lots of time… …and understand that time can be money. Brian Durkee, the vice president of operations for Numi Organic Teas, says: "With what we've done, one of the biggest challenges for organics, is that it takes investment. If a farmer is practicing conventional agriculture, when they begin their conversion period, they are losing 30 to 40 percent of their harvest. So it is really difficult to convince people that it's worth it. It takes strong partnerships with your suppliers. It requires you to make sure they know you will be their partner in the future, and that you will stand by them." Durkee puts the time frame for crop conversion at a year or two, with full certification taking three years. When growers first wean a field of crops off of pest-killers and weed-killers, "It's like taking a creature out of a bubble: their defense mechanisms are broken down. But after two years of not using pesticides, the plant becomes stronger, and the life cycles of everything around it really flourishes," Durkee says. 3. Really get to know your neighbors. When an organic-hopeful farm chooses a certifier, but before that certifier's inspectors pay a visit, the farm must complete an organic farm plan, describing where its seeds come from, how it handles pest control, how it identifies product, and what kinds of affects neighbors might have on the product or soil content. That's right: neighbors. "All elements of the ecosystem are part of the organic farm plan, including whether there's a buffer zone, and what kinds of chemicals and processes any neighbors use on the land," McEvoy says. So, before embarking on the process, it pays to nurture good will with any nearby farms, and encourage any of your suppliers to do so, as well. 4. Stay clean, naturally. Buywell Coffee, a coffee roaster and retailer that's entirely organic and fair-trade certified, and is based in Colorado Springs, Colorado, not only makes sure its imported beans are organically grown, but has to watch how it handles the beans in order to keep its certification.  "It's a really interesting thing for us because we're a food service company, we have to be extra clean. But with the organic rules you can't use harsh chemicals and disinfectants. So you have to be really careful with what you clean even the office with. Mostly anything that is organic. Bleach is an organic compound, so we use one part bleach to five-parts water. We can use a little bit stronger stuff for the bathrooms, but we've opted to use more green, biodegradable soap, like Seventh Generation," says Chris Aaby, Buywell's sales and marketing manager. "Normally inspectors come once a year, but they can technically come anytime, and they'll look at everything from what kinds of barrels we keep the raw coffee beans in and how we clean them to whether non-organic coffee ever touches that barrel." 5. Budget for fees ahead of time. There are dozens of certifying agencies across the United States and globe, and each charge fees for their inspections and granting of certification. For small farms or processing facilities, costs can be as low as $200 a year, but for larger companies, sales can range up to several thousand dollars a year. If you're considering embarking on the organic certification process, budget for it, leaving enough open cashflow to handle charges for inspection, licensing, and proper bookkeeping in addition to the costs of individually maintaining the National Organic Program's standards. 6. Stay tiny if you're just testing the waters. Under USDA guidelines, there is one group of sellers who can use official organic labeling: Companies that make less than $5,000 in retail sales on a calendar-year basis. "You can label as organic if you're following the standards. You're restricted as to where you can sell, though," McEvoy says. "But you can do direct sales through a farmers market or stand, and try out your products on the market." 7. Understand geographical limitations. Looking to import organic-certified products or goods? There's no shortage of suppliers, but in certain areas of the world, there are slim pickings. Numi, which chooses to work directly with farms, cooperatives, and workers to gain fair-trade and organic certification, has observed that finding organic and socially responsible suppliers of tea in China is a tricky prospect. "You know the joke, 'all the tea in China?'" Durkee says. "Well, in China there are just five cooperatives that are fair-trade certified. If you're trying to operate in organics and social responsibility in china, you're really really decreasing your pool. Especially if you want your tea exported well, internationally certified, and high quality." 8. Think wild. An alternative to a lengthy (often three-year) certification process might be wild-harvest, or semi-wild harvest products. In areas of Africa and India, produce and dry goods can be harvested without farming, in areas that have never, or rarely, been farmed. That means they've never been exposed to the chemicals organic certification doesn't allow. If that can be proved, it can shorten the certification process to roughly 90 days, Durkee says. 9. Look at fair trade as well. "Organic and fair trade don't necessarily go hand in hand, but they are close," says Aaby of Buywell, which sells organic and fair-trade-sourced coffee. He explains: "Fair trade is more about sustaining the business, and sustaining the farmland is part of that. For a lot of fair trade farmers, it's a natural fit to get the organic certification, as well, because they are already doing like four of the five things." Aaby says when he visited a cooperative in Peru of about 5,000 families, roughly 3,000 were farming organically. Pairing the certifications can also help your mission-driven business educate consumers about any imported products you might sell. "My big thing is, here locally, everybody is talking about eating local as the new sustainable way to eat. But there are a lot of fruits, nuts, spices, and coffee, that cannot be grown in the United States, and those should be grown sustainably, as well," Aaby says. 10. Build a narrative, and tell your story. If you've gone through the process of certifying your product, why not flaunt it? Stacy Fader, whose line of spa and salon products, Kumani Essentials, is certified fair trade—which is not the same as organic, but has many overlapping qualities—says: "When we did our first trade show in Washington, D.C., in November, our booth was swamped. It was not only people trying the product and the treatments, but they also loved the story. We had a video rolling of my trip to West Africa, and how we started up and what fair trade means. Visitors were really touched by the story behind the product line, whether we were talking to distributors or retailers. If your product has a storyline, you're really good to go." IMAGE: iStock Last updated: Jan 31, 2011 More: Ben & Jerry's Fair Trade Victory Bringing Power to the Poor Inventing the Organic Beauty Industry Leaving a Legacy Obtaining Fair Trade Certification PRINT THIS ARTICLE Register on Inc.com today to get full access to: All articles  |  Magazine archives | Livestream events | Comments EMAIL PASSWORD Forgot Password? EMAIL New Member? Sign Up Now FIRST NAME LAST NAME EMAIL PASSWORD Sign in if you're already registered Or sign up using:
http://missouribeginningfarming.blogspot.com/2011/01/poultry-regulations.html
Missouri Beginning Farming This blog began through a NIFA grant for Missouri Beginning Farmers. It continues today as a way for beginning farmers to learn about new ideas and to hear about upcoming events of interest. It is maintained by Debi Kelly (kellyd@missouri.edu). Missouri Beginning Farmers website Missouri Beginning Farmers Subscribe To Posts Atom Posts Comments Atom Comments Facebook Share About Me Debi Kelly As an Extension Associate with the University of Missouri, I work with beginning farmers, small farms, alternative agriculture and organic farming. I am also the Co-coordinator for the Missouri Sustainable Agriculture and Research (SARE) Education Professional Development Program (PDP). View my complete profile Labels ag business (6) ag census (3) Ag Opportunities (16) agritourism (7) agroforestry (10) alternative ideas (9) app (1) apprenticeships (14) aquaculture (12) aquaponics (3) beef (2) beekeeping (25) beginning farmers (36) biodiversity (1) bioenergy (3) blueberries (3) business (5) cattle (29) census of agriculture (1) cheese making (3) chest (1) chestnuts (3) chickens (14) climate (4) composting (4) computers (1) conference (9) cost share (31) cover crops (28) crop insurance (1) CSA (4) dairy (3) direct marketing (11) disaster assistance (1) diseases (2) drought (9) education (1) egg production (1) eggs (5) elderberry (1) energy (12) equipment (6) farm bill (2) farm lease (4) farm programs (1) Farm Safety (3) farm to school (2) farm tools (1) farm tour (10) farm tours (1) farmers' market (17) fences (3) field day (11) finance (9) finance. loans (17) flowers (5) food policy (1) food safety (26) forages (2) fruit (1) fruit production (28) fruit trees (3) fruits (2) funding (1) GAP (3) giving (1) goat (3) goats (47) good safety (1) grant (11) grant writing (5) grants (72) grapes (1) grass farming (8) grazing (20) greenhouses (8) Grow Your Farm (15) hay (3) high tunnels (30) hogs (2) home processing (3) horses (1) hydroponics (1) information (1) insects (2) insurance (3) invasive insect (6) IPM (40) irrigation (8) Japanese Beetles (1) labeling (3) land access (10) landscape (1) legal issues (8) livestock (38) loans (10) local foods (5) marketing (63) meat processing (6) mentoring (1) mulch (2) mushrooms (3) native plants (5) new technology (2) newsletter (9) nursery (1) nut production (3) online course (2) organic (63) pasture (2) pasture management (3) pastured poultry (4) Pest Alert (1) pest management (3) planning (5) plant diagnostic (2) policy (2) pollinators (4) ponds (2) post harvest handling (4) poultry (15) quail (3) rabbits (2) record keeping (2) recordkeeping (3) records (2) renewable energy (1) resources (5) restaurants (1) risk management (2) safety (1) SARE (1) scaling up local foods (6) season extension (3) seed saving (2) sheep (31) small farms (9) small fruit (9) small fruits (12) soil health (6) soil testing (1) soils (29) soils soil health (1) specialty crops (4) survey (1) sustainable agriculture (1) taxes (3) timber (1) tomatoes (2) tools (2) tractors (5) trees (2) trends (1) turkeys (1) urban farming (6) value added (21) vegetables (57) videos (1) walnuts (1) water (2) weather (17) webinar (17) webinars (52) weeds (5) wholesale (2) wholesale marketing (2) wildlife (2) wine (1) women (2) women in agriculture (2) workshop (27) workshops (50) youth (2) Blog Archive ?  2014 (113) ?  June (13) ?  May (19) ?  April (23) ?  March (17) ?  February (19) ?  January (22) ?  2013 (230) ?  December (18) ?  November (18) ?  October (21) ?  September (18) ?  August (21) ?  July (21) ?  June (18) ?  May (18) ?  April (21) ?  March (20) ?  February (16) ?  January (20) ?  2012 (248) ?  December (18) ?  November (23) ?  October (20) ?  September (16) ?  August (22) ?  July (20) ?  June (21) ?  May (22) ?  April (23) ?  March (21) ?  February (19) ?  January (23) ?  2011 (260) ?  December (23) ?  November (20) ?  October (23) ?  September (20) ?  August (24) ?  July (21) ?  June (25) ?  May (20) ?  April (20) ?  March (22) ?  February (20) ?  January (22) Fruit Tree Pruning Workshop MO Organic Assn Conference Scholarships What are some resources for evaluating an enterpri... 2011 Goat and Sheep Initiative Conferences The Agritourism - Small Fruit and Vegetable Confer... Poultry Regulations Organic Under Glass and Plastic Starting from Scratch: First Year Organic No-till and Cover Crops for Organic Vegetable Prod... Using Grafting in Organic Heirloom Tomato Producti... Organic Management of Vegetable Diseases (and Pest... 15th Annual Greenhouse Growers' School Organic Apple Production and Marketing (A Beginner... Vegetable Grafting Workshops Green Hills Farm Project Winter Seminar Happy Hollow Farm Interships Learn to Farm with Ozarks C.R.A.F.T. Growing Growers Accepting Apprenticeships Body Condition Scoring Useful Tool for Livestock O... Show-Me Select Heifer Program Missouri Organic Association's Annual Conference MO Farm to School Workshops ?  2010 (221) ?  December (21) ?  November (18) ?  October (20) ?  September (19) ?  August (20) ?  July (21) ?  June (21) ?  May (18) ?  April (20) ?  March (15) ?  February (12) ?  January (16) ?  2009 (12) ?  December (10) ?  November (2) Followers Tuesday, January 25, 2011 Poultry Regulations Are you in the process of considering a poultry enterprise for you farm?  Have you researched breeds, production methods and markets?  More importantly, have you thought about the regulations involved? There are 4 basic levels of government that may have some influence in what you do as a producer: federal, state, county and possibly, city. Selling Processed Birds If you are selling at a farmers' market, a restaurant or other institutions, there may be a different set of rules and/or restrictions at each, that you will have to follow in order to sell to them. Federal Beginning at the federal level is the Food Safety Inspection Service (FSIS) tasked with protecting the health and welfare of consumers with regards to meat and meat products.  FSIS is part of USDA.  All regulations follow the guidelines of these four acts of Congress: the Federal Meat Inspection Act, the Poultry Products Inspection Ac, the Egg Inspection Act and the Humane Slaughter Act.  These are the starting point for understanding what you can legally do. There is an exemption to these acts in which small producers can benefit.  The chart below comes from an Extension bulletin and simplifies the exemption language. As a small producer, you are mainly concerned with the Producer/Grower exemptions of 1,000 and 20,000 bird limits.  Both exemptions are good for a calenar year.  Your are not allowed to sell meat through interstate commerce.  The buying and selling of birds produced by others is not allowed. According to federal law, you are allowed to produce your own birds, process them and sell directly to consumers, hotel, restaurants, institutions, distributors, and retail stores. Even though you are exempt, you will still need to follow the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) Food Service Manual, chapters 2-8, with some exemptions. As a table egg producer, you are exempt from the federal egg requirements if your laying flock is under 3,000 birds. State At the state level, the MO Dept of Ag (MDA) is the first point of contact.  MDA has a cooperative agreement with USDA and has adopted all the federal regulation for processing and selling poultry. The MO Meat and Poultry Inspection Program (MMPIP) sees to it that these regulations are carried out in the state.  They are there to help you produce, process and deliver healthy products to consumers. In the case of meat, you will first contact the MDA MMPIP to register for the appropriate exemptions. To get started, contact your regional field inspector or compliance peron.  They will review your proposal and  may even visit your farm to discuss your unique sitation. To legally sell eggs, a completed application to sell eggs accompanied by $5 is all that is required.  Eggs should be candles and held at 48 degrees F.  In the MO Revised Statutes there is an excemption for eggs sold directly from the farm, which requires no license. To legally sell hatching eggs and baby poultry in MO, you must participate in the National Poultry Improvement Plan (NPIP) or an equivalent program.  The MDA administers this program at the state level. The MO Dept pf Health and Senior Services (MDHSS) does not regulate poultry. County and City Each county and city may have regulations that will require you, the individual producer, to find out about.  They are county specific an dcan normally be found in the planning and zoning office of the county in which you live.  At this level, thehealth department may be involved.  For further instructions, check with your local county health department. The city regulations will be found in your planning and zoning and health departments of the city in which you live. Resources MMPIP - 573-522-1242 or 573-751-3377 NPIP - 573-751-751-3377 MO Egg Law - 573-751-4316 (taken from Lincoln University Cooperative Extension's Innovative Small Farm Outreach Program) Posted by Debi Kelly at 8:26 AM Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Pinterest Labels: eggs, poultry No comments: Post a Comment Newer Post Older Post Home Subscribe to: Post Comments (Atom)
http://www.goma-organic.org/around-the-world/brazil-organic-agriculture-regulation-come-into-force/
Goma Organic Global Organic Market Access A Project of FAO, IFOAM, and UNCTAD Choose your language: English Español GOMA - Global Organic Market Access > Around the World > Brazil: Organic Agriculture Regulation Come into Force Brazil: Organic Agriculture Regulation Come into Force Posted on January 25, 2011 Brazil has a significant domestic demand for organic products which has grown in the span of more than 40 years since the beginning of the Brazilian organic movement. In December 2003, the Brazilian government sanctioned Law 10.0831 which authorized the development of a regulation for organic agriculture.  The regulation itself took some time as a broad participatory consultation process developed with active representation of organic farmers, movements, companies, etc. The regulation took into account several alternative approaches, including Participatory Guarantee Systems as well as third party certification. The regulation was promulgated with the Decrete 6323 in December 2007 stipulating in Article 115 a deadline of two years for operators to come into compliance.  Since then a series of Norm Instructions (Instrucciones Normativas – IN) specifying aspects of animal and plant production, conformity assessment, etc, have been published.  In December 2009, the Decrete 7048, modified Article 115 of the Regulation 6323, extending the deadline for compliance to the regulation for one year more until December 2010. On January 1, 2011 the new regulation for organic production came into force. What does this mean for organic imports? IN 19 of year 2009, which covers imports, contains the following requirements: - Imported organic products can be commercialized in the country only if they comply Brazilian regulation on organic production. - The admission of imported organic products to the country, will only be permitted if the guarantee of the product is carried out by a conformity assessment body accredited by MAPA (Ministry of Agriculture, Livestock, Fisheries and Supply), or if the country of origin already has an equivalence agreement of its conformity assessment system with the Brazilian System of Organic Conformity Assessment - Imported organic products will lose their organic status, if they are subjected to quarantine treatments that are not compatible with the Brazilian organic regulation. Regarding labeling of imported organic products, controlled either by accredited bodies in Brazil or by equivalence agreements, the label of the products must contain the seal of the Brazilian System of Organic Conformity Assessment (SisOrg). To know more about SisOrg read IN 19 of May 2009 (www.prefiraorganicos.com.br). Article provided by Patricia Flores Escudero, GOMA Coordinator for Latin America Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Home About Project Overview Steering Committee History Link to ITF Archives Conference Conference Program Keynote Speakers Download Documents Regional Projects Asia Central America Tools About the Tools IROCB User Guide Download IROCB Document EquiTool User Guide Download EquiTool Document COROS Voices Calendar News & Views Equivalence Tracker Harmonization Tracker Newsletter Archive Contact Four New GOMA Publications Available News from Goma View all News from GOMA Around the World View all Around the World  
http://www.rodalenews.com/alfalfa
<\/scr' + 'ipt>') Register Log in Facebook Twitter Health Food Family Mind & Body Pets Organic Living We Recommend USDA to OK Genetically Modified Alfalfa; Good-Bye Organic Dairy, Honey, and Grass-Fed Beef? From Rodale.com Lawn Care Chemical’s Deadly Secret From Rodale.com Pesticide Maker Pays Farmers to Use Competitors' Pesticides From Rodale.com <\/scr' + 'ipt>') <\/scr' + 'ipt>') Advertisement alfalfa USDA Approves Gene-Altered Alfalfa, Fails to Protect Organic Farms The USDA approves GMO alfalfa, abandoning a provision to help protect organic farmers from genetic contamination. By LEAH ZERBE Newly approved alfalfa has been genetically engineered to withstand higher doses of spraying with Roundup. Update: See our new story for more about the alfalfa approval. Did the Obama White House want it? RODALE NEWS, EMMAUS, PA—The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Thursday approved the genetically engineered alfalfa developed by chemical company Monsanto. The Roundup Ready alfalfa, also known as GE or GMO alfalfa, will be available to plant this spring, and is genetically manipulated to withstand heavy sprayings of the controversial chemical Roundup (glyphosate), also manufactured by Monsanto. Organic consumers and conventional and organic dairies and grass-fed beef farmers lobbied hard against approval of the crop because alfalfa is among the most important forage crops in the world. The USDA did not even put proposed restrictions in place that would have prevented farmers from planting GMO alfalfa beside organic crops. This is the preferred option of the biotechnology/chemical industry. Although people don't generally eat alfalfa, they may drink milk or eat beef from grass-fed cows. Studies have shown that grass-fed cows produce healthier milk and meat, in addition to being more environmentally friendly; but now that forage is in danger of genetic cross-contamination because alfalfa is pollinated by bees and other insects. Surveys have overwhelmingly found that most U.S. consumers don't want to eat genetically engineered ingredients, and they overwhelmingly believe GMO ingredients should be identified on labels. However, there are no legal requirements to label GMO ingredients on food. Observers in organic agriculture groups expected the approval, but were hoping that it would include the first restrictions on GMO crops. "USDA could have maintained regulatory status over the perennial crop that is so important as forage for the livestock industry. Or they could have chosen a limited regulation strategy, with bans on the planting of GE alfalfa seeds in seed-growing regions, to attempt to limit the contamination of alfalfa seed stock by foreign DNA from Monsanto’s crop," explains Will Fantle, cofounder of The Cornucopia Institute, an advocacy group for sustainable family farmers. "Instead, the agency, under heavy pressure from the biotech sector, chose total deregulation. Over 250,000 public comments were received during the final environmental impact statement process, with the vast majority opposing deregulation." Because the genetically modified alfalfa is designed to resist the effects of Roundup, the decision will likely lead to more pesticide being used on crops. Aside from the genetic contamination and health problems linked to GMOs, including allergies, potentially pre-cancerous changes in the digestive system, infertility, and accelerated aging, scientists are also concerned about expanding the use of Roundup, a chemical linked to more than three dozen plant diseases, and to a reduction in plants' micronutrients content. Humans rely on these micronutrients to survive. "Other ingredients in Roundup are designed to cause the material to cross water barriers that exist in your lungs," explains Warren Porter, PhD, a molecular and environmental toxicology expert at the University of Wisconsin–Madison. "The surfactants will weaken the protections that the lungs have…the pesticide bypasses the liver and can be transported across the blood-brain barrier and placenta." The real concern, Porter says, is that nobody knows whether this can change the DNA process that determines how your genes are expressed. Jeffrey Smith, founder of the Institute for Responsible Technology, suggests concerned consumers take a few minutes to call the White House and ask President Obama to reverse the decision today. Rodale.com will continue to provide updates regarding the GMO alfalfa situation. For more background, read USDA to OK Genetically Modified Alfalfa; Good-Bye Organic Dairy, Honey, and Grass-Fed Beef? Filed Under: GENETICALLY MODIFIED ORGANISMS (GMO), ORGANIC FARMING Published on: January 27, 2011 More from our Authors Superfoods for a 12-Day Detox The 12-day power plan to flush toxins, balance hormones, and reset your body's most essential organ. You have made some excellent Posted on February 21st, 2012 by maliaka You have made some excellent points there. Used to do they’re certified inside subject and barely found any specific info other websites, but great in order to be here, seriously, thanks. hollister boys|| hollister printable coupons|| kids hollister|| hollister discount codes|| hollister polos|| discount hollister|| Login or register to post comments I think that it would be Posted on December 12th, 2011 by person_guyz I think that it would be really interesting to create such discussion with other this website visitors. Anyway thanks a lot one more time for the great and informative publication. Joney Login or register to post comments GMO Foods Posted on February 17th, 2011 by Maibel GMO crops and fish are pollution! I don't understand why entire countries are not suing the US government for sanctioning this international disaster, which is the destruction of conventional and organic crops, due to the pollution (pollination) that occurs from GMO crops. Login or register to post comments @t_doll Posted on January 28th, 2011 by Leah Zerbe The consumer watchdog group Food & Water Watch and Jeffrey Smith, founder of the Institute for Responsible Technology, suggest concerned consumers contact the White House and ask Obama to overturn the USDA decision. Smith also suggests contacting your dairies and urging them to only accept milk from farmers who use GMO-free seed. This, he believes, can push GMO farmers out of business, or will convince them to switch to non-GMO crops. Login or register to post comments What now? Posted on January 28th, 2011 by t_doll So what is our recourse now? What can we as consumers do to change this or help protect organic crops with this in place? Login or register to post comments Advertisement <\/scr' + 'ipt>') FREE DOWNLOAD! Get a FREE guide to herbs for pets to shower your furry friends with love with natural food, care tips, and treats! Click here for the 6 herbs your pet needs to be happy and healthy, naturally. LATEST NEWS FOR HEALTHY LIVING 1Grilled Romaine Recipe 27 Rules for Gluten-Free Grilling 3The Mosquito Virus You Don't Want to Catch 4Avoid Polluted Air to Stay Sharp 5The Top Health Benefits of Marijuana Advertisement <\/scr' + 'ipt>') Free Newsletter Sign up for the FREE daily newsletter and get useful tips to keep yourself, your family, and the planet healthy and thriving.   The Daily Fix Authoritative reporting on the latest developments in health, food, and the environment   Maria's Farm Country Kitchen Newsletter Get cooking tips, learn about healthy living and even raising chickens—Maria does it all! Your Privacy Policy BE SOCIAL WITH US! Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Links We Love • Breast Cancer Fund • Care2 • The Chalkboard • Cornucopia Institute • Grist • Greatist • Ecorazzi • Environmental Working Group • Food & Water Watch • Food Politics • Fooducate • Healthy Child Healthy World • HuffPost Healthy Living • MindBodyGreen • Natural Resources Defense Council • NYTimes.com Well • NYTimes.com Motherlode • NPR: The Salt • Oceana • Safer Chemicals, Healthy Families • Take Part • Time Health & Family • Upworthy • Well + Good NYC • Women's Voices for the Earth • Workgroup for Safe Markets Our Point of View The Rodale Story Our Board of Advisors The Rodale News Team Subscribe to RSS Feed Customer Service Community Terms of Use 2009-2013 Copyright Rodale. All Rights Reserved. Copyright Notice   Your Privacy Rights    Manage Email Preferences The information presented on this website is not intended as specific medical advice and is not a substitute for professional medical treatment or diagnosis. Read our Medical Advice Notice. Rodale Corporate Site About Rodale Rodale Store Rodale Affiliate Program Amazon Affiliate Program Rodale's To make a payment, cancel or renew your subscription for any Rodale product, contact customer service at: 400 South Tenth Street • Emmaus, PA 18098-0099 (866) 387-0509 • www.rodaleinc.com/customer-service • E-mail: customer_service@rodale.com • Your Privacy Rights  
http://www.hudson-river-valley.com/htm/Columbia/Link0383.html
Enjoy kayaking at Popolopen Creek  Columbia County Organic Farms | Farmers Pledge Click to visit Advertise Your Business Here     Click Hudson Valley Farm. Promote your business by advertising on our popular Organic Farms, Organic U-Pick & Pick-Your-Own Apples, Berries, and Veggies page. For information about Harvest Schedules, Things To Do with the Kids, Family Activities, and more look here! Columbia County Organic Farms | Farmers Pledge Select by Name Bench 8 Creamery Farm Berry Farm "Pick-Your-Own" Blue Star Farm "Certified Naturally Grown" Farm at Miller's Crossing "Organic CSA Farm" Hawthorne Valley Farm "Organic CSA Farm" Little Seed Gardens "NOFA-NY Organic CSA" Red Oak Farm "NOFA-NY Organic CSA" Thompson-Finch Farm "NOFA-NY Pick-Your-Own" Select by Location Ancram Chatham Ghent Hudson Stuyvesant  All Ancram Listings  Ancram Organic Farms | Farmers Pledge Thompson-Finch Farm "NOFA-NY Pick-Your-Own" 518-329-7578    Thompson-Finch Farm, a NOFA-NY certified organic U-Pick farm since 1988, offering pick-your-own strawberries is located at 750 Wiltsie Bridge Road, Ancram NY 12502, Columbia County in the upper-Hudson Valley. From Thompson-Finch: "CertifieThompson-Finch farm has been in Marnie's family for five generations. We, Don and Marnie, have been cultivating this land since 1982. We started out by growing a wide variety of vegetables and selling to local restaurants and stores. With our first small field of strawberries, we saw that people yearned to pick their own food and to be connected to the earth and what they eat. As the years passed, our strawberry fields grew to 4.5 acres and our orchard to 1.5 acre; we also added 1 acre of blueberries and one-half acre of raspberries. Our dedicated customers now come from New York and the greater New England region. We are proud of our clean fields and orchards and most importantly you, our most valued and honored customers. You are what keep us going and striving every year to make your visit to our farm a happy and memorable family outing."  website and more . . .  All Chatham Listings  Chatham Organic Farms | Farmers Pledge Berry Farm "Pick-Your-Own" 518-392-4609    The Berry Farm, specializing in natural, organic and local produce and products, is located at 2304 State Route 203, Chatham NY 12037, Columbia County in the Hudson Valley. From The Berry Farm: "The Berry Farm is a family-owned and operated farm and farm store. Founded in 1982 by Joseph Gilbert, the Berry Farm has been providing Columbia County and the surrounding areas with local, healthy and wholesome food for 31 years. Starting out as a tractor-pulled fruit stand, the Berry Farm has evolved over the years into a fully-functional, year-round vegetable and fruit farm (including greenhouses) and store. All of the vegetables and fruit grown at the Berry Farm are pesticide-free and organic. Specializing in local, all-natural and organic products, the store carries produce and products from over 100 local vendors. Open all year round.  website and more . . . Little Seed Gardens "NOFA-NY Organic CSA" 518-392-0063    Little Seed Gardens, a 97-acre certified organic CSA farm, is located at PO Box 195, Chatham NY 12037, Columbia County in the upper-Hudson Valley. From Little Seed Gardens: "Little Seed Gardens is a 97 acre family run farm in the town of Chatham in Columbia County, situated on rich bottomlands at the confluence of two creeks. Farmers, Claudia Kenny and Willy Denner and their two children, tend vegetables, cover crops and pasture. We are committed to agricultural practices that protect land and human resources, build biological diversity, and produce quality food for our local communities. Our food is grown without synthetic insecticides, fungicides, herbicides or fertilizers. Little Seed Gardens is certified organic by NOFA-NY Certified Organic, LLC. As farmers we work to sustain the land for future generations."  website and more . . .  All Ghent Listings  Ghent Organic Farms | Farmers Pledge Hawthorne Valley Farm "Organic CSA Farm" 518-672-4465    Hawthorne Valley Farm, a Demeter-certified biodynamic CSA farm, is located at 327 County Road 21C, Ghent, NY 12075, Columbia County in the upper-Hudson Valley. From Hawthorne Valley Farm: "Since 1972, we have been producing high quality, Biodynamic and organic foods while providing farm-based learning experiences for children and adults. Our 400-acre Biodynamic farm includes dairy cows, vegetables, a creamery, organic bakery, sauerkraut cellar, and more. Our Farm Store is a full-line natural foods store open 7 days a week.  website and more . . .  All Hudson Listings  Hudson Organic Farms | Farmers Pledge Bench 8 Creamery Farm 518-533-5337    Bench 8 Creamery, offering Raw Cow's Milk, is located at 28 Fish & Game Road, Hudson, NY 12534, Columbia County in the Hudson River Valley.  website and more . . . Farm at Miller's Crossing "Organic CSA Farm" 518-851-2331    The Farm at Miller's Crossing is a diversified Demeter-certified biodynamic farm offering Certified Organic produce and CSA shares. Miller's Crossing is located at 81 Roxbury Road, Hudson, NY 12513, Columbia County in the upper-Hudson Valley. From Miller's Crossing: "The Farm at Miller's Crossing is a beautiful 200-acre farm situated in the Hudson Valley of New York. The Agawamuck Creek divides the farm providing water for the animals and plants that are raised there. The old Albany-Boston Rail bed remains on the northwestern end of the property, providing the name Miller's Crossing, which was the stop and original address of this 200 year old farm.  website and more . . .  All Stuyvesant Listings  Stuyvesant Organic Farms | Farmers Pledge Blue Star Farm "Certified Naturally Grown" 518-610-8034    Blue Star Farm, a Certified Naturally Grown farm, is located at 545 County Route 26A, Stuyvesant, NY 12173, Columbia County in the upper-Hudson Valley. From Blue Star Farm: "We grow over 130 different varieties of vegetables, herbs and cut flowers. Our first season was 2010. We farm in Stuyvesant and on rented land in Kinderhook, NY. Currently we sell at farmer?s markets and wholesale.  website and more . . . Red Oak Farm "NOFA-NY Organic CSA" 518-799-2052    Red Oak Farm, a certified organic CSA farm is located at 1921 Route 9 Stuyvesant, NY 12173, Columbia County in the upper-Hudson Valley. From Red Oak Farm: "Simultaneously, Taylor and Courtney Tribble, and Paul Colatrella and Amy Brown were looking to start a farm. Paul and Amy, professionals in NYC with a weekend property in upstate NY, had some good agricultural land and a remodeled barn but lacked the time and know-how to turn their dreams of a farm into reality. Thus, they began their search for folks to work the land and act as caretakers for the property. At the same time, Taylor and Courtney Tribble, experienced farmers who lacked the capital to buy land and equipment, were looking for an opportunity to start a farm of their own. As is often the case today, a new farming model was what was required and The Farm and the two families have grown together.  website and more . . .  More Hudson Valley  Organic Farms | Farmers Pledge Albany County       [4 listings over 3 locations] Dutchess County       [5 listings over 4 locations] Greene County       [3 listings over 2 locations] Orange County       [3 listings over 1 location] Rensselaer County       [5 listings over 4 locations] Ulster County       [12 listings over 9 locations] Westchester County       [8 listings over 7 locations] Related Categories:  Farms (Local)   Organic Farms (NOP) | Farmers Pledge (NOFA)  Organic Farms Apples, Fruits, Vegetables Organic U-Pick & Pick-Your-Own Columbia County in the Hudson Valley Find the best Farmers' Markets and organic farms in Columbia County. Visit U-Pick farms, also known as pick-your-own farms in Columbia, NY and the wider Hudson Valley. There are many local farms and Farmers' Markets offering the best organic apples, berries, fruits, and vegetables; and they need your support! A farm is an area of land, often referred to as an acre or hectare (1 hectare = 2.47105 acres) devoted almost exclusively to the practice of growing crops, rearing animals, and dealing with agriculture. Farms vary greatly in the amount of land that is used for farming. When a farm produces products such as apples or grapes, a farm may be called an orchard or vineyard. As defined by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, "Organically grown food is food grown and processed using no synthetic fertilizers or pesticides. Pesticides derived from natural sources (such as biological pesticides) may be used in producing organically grown food . . . "Organic production is a system that is managed in accordance with the Organic Foods Production Act (OFPA) of 1990 and regulations in Title 7, Part 205 of the Code of Federal Regulations to respond to site-specific conditions by integrating cultural, biological, and mechanical practices that foster cycling of resources, promote ecological balance, and conserve biodiversity. The National Organic Program (NOP) develops, implements, and administers national production, handling, and labeling standards." In other words, "Organic agriculture is a production system that sustains the health of soils, ecosystems and people. It relies on ecological processes, biodiversity and cycles adapted to local conditions, rather than the use of inputs with adverse effects. Organic agriculture combines tradition, innovation and science to benefit the shared environment and promote fair relationships and a good quality of life for all involved." National Standards on Organic Agricultural Production and Handling "The National Standards on Organic Agricultural Production and Handling (NOP rule) was issued on December 21, 2000, by USDA?s Agricultural Marketing Service. The standards in the NOP rule are similar to most of the standards organic producers and handlers currently use, and are intended to be flexible enough to accommodate the wide range of operations and products grown and raised in every region of the United States. The Organic Foods Production Act and the NOP rule require that agricultural products labeled as organic originate from farms or handling operations certified by a state or private agency that has been accredited by USDA." The Organic Foods Production Act does not address food safety or nutrition. "Food labels must be in compliance by early 2001. "The NOP rule prohibits the use of genetic engineering (included in the list of excluded methods), ionizing radiation, and sewage sludge. The rule includes the following: Production and handling requirements, which address organic crop production, wild crop harvesting, organic livestock management, and processing and handling of organic agricultural products The National List of Allowed Synthetic and Prohibited Non-Synthetic Substances (7 CFR 205.600-205.606) Labeling requirements for organic products Compliance, testing, fee, and state program approval requirements Certification and recordkeeping requirements Accreditation requirements for receiving and maintaining accreditation, as well as requirements for foreign accreditation Other administrative functions of the National Organic Program, which include evaluation of foreign organic certification programs" Source: Environmental Protection Agency. While some farms are completely organic, others use synthetic components to assist with the growth of crops and livestock. Many farms practice organic and/or sustainable farming in Columbia County and the wider Hudson River Valley, where you can buy fresh and healthy local produce. For fun things to do with the kids, pick-your-own fruits and vegetables at one of many U-Pick farms listed below. Local farms offer fresh and healthful produce; while organic farms also contribute to a healthy and sustainable environment. Enjoy selections of fresh seasonal fruits, vegetables, and other farm fresh products. Buy produce at one of the Hudson Valley markets, or pick-your-own fruit and vegetables at an organic farm in the Hudson Valley. Visit one or more farms in Columbia County. You'll find farms in Ancram, New York, Chatham, Claverack, Hudson, and Kinderhook, New York. Farms in Columbia County sell a wide variety of fruits and vegetables, including delicious New York apples, berries, pumpkins and U-Pick produce. In addition to pick-your-own fruits, many local farms have acres of delicious vegetables available for you to pick; or you can buy picked produce at the farms market stand or market store. Many farm markets offer a wide range of fresh jars of honey, jams and chutney. Many pick-your-own apples, offer fresh apple cider or a hot cup of coffee to go with the delicious freshly made donuts . . . yum. You can also find local crafts, cheeses, soups, and other specialty items that are charming and made locally. Community Supported Agriculture (CSA) is available at some farms in Columbia County. Community Supported Agriculture is when people agree to purchase a share of the anticipated crop at a farm. If the farm is organic, the farmer agrees to supply the members with a fresh assortment of high quality certified organic produce. The shareholders commitment implies a willingness to share with the farmer both the bounty from the land and some of the risks of its production. Why Buy Organic? Organic products meet stringent standards. Organic certification is the public?s assurance that products have been grown and handled according to strict procedures without persistent toxic chemical inputs. Organic food tastes great. It?s common sense. Well-balanced soils produce strong, healthy plants that become nourishing food for people and animals. Organic production reduces health risks. Many EPA-approved pesticides were registered long before extensive research linked these chemicals to cancer and other diseases. Organic agriculture is one way to prevent any more of these chemicals from getting into the air, earth and water that sustain us. Organic farms respect our water resources. The elimination of polluting chemicals and nitrogen leaching, done in combination with soil building, protects and conserves water resources. Organic farmers build healthy soil. Soil is the foundation of the food chain. The primary focus of organic farming is to use practices that build healthy soils. Organic farmers work in harmony with nature. Organic agricultural respects the balance demanded of a healthy ecosystem: wildlife is encouraged by including forage crops in rotation and by retaining fence rows, wetlands, and other natural areas. Organic producers are leaders in innovative research. Organic farmers have led the way, largely at their own expense, with innovative on-farm research aimed at reducing pesticide use and minimizing agriculture?s impact on the environment. Organic producers strive to preserve diversity. The loss of a large variety of species (biodiversity) is one of the most pressing environmental concerns. The good news is that many organic farmers and gardeners have been collecting and preserving seeds, and growing unusual varieties for decades. Organic farming helps keep rural communities healthy. USDA reported that in 1997, half of U.S. farm production came from only 2% of farms. Organic agriculture can be a lifeline for small farms because it offers an alternative market where sellers can command fair prices for crops. Organic abundance ? Foods and non-foods alike. Now every food category has an organic alternative. And non-food agricultural products are being grown organically ? even cotton, which most experts felt could not be grown this way. Source: Organic Trade Association. Select one or more farms to visit at local farms in Columbia County and go apple, berry, or pumpkin picking in Columbia County. Farmer's markets and pick-your-own farms are available throughout the county of Columbia in the upper-Hudson Valley. Find farm markets for all seasons offering many wonderful items including homegrown seasonal fruits & produce such as apples, peaches, apricots, nectarines, pears, plums, blueberries, strawberries, tomatoes & corn. Some farms are open through late December selling Christmas trees and other seasonal items. Many children enjoy going to a local pick-your-own farm where the kids can pick seasonal fruits and vegetables such as raspberries, blueberries, apples, and pumpkins for Halloween. Many pick-your-own farms offer additional outdoor activities for the kids including: Apple, Berry, Pumpkin Picking Corn Maze - free for all ages Farm animals to pet and feed Hayrides Picnic Tables Pick winter squash / pumpkins Visit organic farms in Columbia County. Some farms offer healthy organic produce with more farms working toward becoming organic or getting a Farmers Pledge certification. Organic farms offer healthy produce including fruits, vegetables, organic meats, poultry, eggs, and more. Several pick-your-own farms have beautiful views of the hills and mountains of Columbia County, offering kids a wonderful time outdoors "picking their own food". Pick-you-own farms are great fun for children and kids of all ages. The "buy local" movement is quickly taking us beyond the promise of environmental responsibility that the organic movement delivered, and awakening us to the importance of community, variety, humane treatment of farm animals, and social and environmental responsibility in regard to our food economy. Farmers' Markets are one of the oldest forms of direct marketing by small farmers. From the traditional "Mercados" in the Peruvian Andes to the unique street markets in Asia, growers all over the world gather weekly to sell their produce directly to the public. In the last decade they have become a favorite marketing method for many farmers throughout the United States, and a weekly ritual for many shoppers. In a Farmers' Market, farmers sell their products once or twice a week at a designated public place like a park or parking lot. Some Farmers' Markets have live entertainment. Shopping at a Farmers Market is a great way to meet local farmers and get fresh, flavorful produce. Many farms have set-up farm markets on their own farm. In addition to fresh picked fruits and vegetables, Farmers? Markets often sell crafts and other locally made products. Farmers' Markets provide a means for local producers of agricultural products to sell those products directly to the consumer. Many communities throughout New York State view Farmers Markets as a positive avenue for supporting local agriculture, providing a source of fresh fruits and vegetables to the residents of their community, and as a means of drawing people into their community aiding in the economic redevelopment of an area. The Farmers? Market Federation of New York is a statewide not-for-profit organization designed to both promote and provide support services for the Farmers' Markets within New York State. The Federation was formed through the collective efforts of market managers throughout the state, Cooperative Extension, and the Department of Agriculture & Markets, and was initially funded by a Federal State Marketing Improvement Grant in early 1998. Large-scale chemical agriculture continues to poison our soil and our water, and weaken our communities. Buying directly from a family farm can help put a stop to this unfortunate trend. By purchasing organic produce from your local farmer, you are working to maintain a healthy environment, a vibrant community, and a strong and sustainable local economy for you and for your family. Organic and Local Food The freshest, healthiest, most flavorful organic food is food that is grown locally. Organically grown food is free from exposure to harmful chemicals; but that is only one part of the importance of organic products. A larger part of Organic Agriculture involves the health of the soil and of the ecosystems in which crops and livestock are raised. Organic Agriculture is born from the idea that a healthy environment significantly benefits crops and the health of those consuming them. In addition, organic practices are also viable in the long term, since they are efficient in their use of resources. Unlike large scale "chemical agriculture", Organic Agriculture does not damage the environment and our local community. Visit your local Farmers' Market and experience the colorful abundance of nutritious, high quality locally grown foods, the aroma of fresh produce and the friendly banter of farmers and customers, neighbors and families. A visit to a Farmers' Market is an adventure, and among the fun things to do in your own community. Bring the children. Children love visiting their local farmer's market where they can meet the farmers, ask questions, and learn about the food. Farmers' Markets also provide a lesson in supporting your own community and the environment. Both economic and health factors have resulted in the growth of Farmers' Markets across the country. Not only is a completely new generation of farmers seeking retail outlets that increase their profitability and viability thus preserving agriculture for themselves and future generations, but also, consumers are discovering that Farmers' Markets are a fun, reasonably priced, alternative to supermarkets. At Farmers' Markets they have direct access to fresh, healthy local foods and to the farmers who produce the foods. The experience inevitably includes developing relationships and friendships with the farmers and gaining an understanding and appreciation of where their food comes from and how it is produced. Use the Local Harvest website on the Farmers' Markets & Local Farms page to find Farmers' Markets, family farms, and other sources of sustainably grown food in your area, where you can buy organic produce, grass-fed meats, and many other delicious and healthy foods. Top of Page Copyright © 2004-2014 Hudson-River-Valley.com - All rights reserved. Created & hosted by The SmartCard Consultancy, Inc. Information is provided as a public service without express or implied warranty; view disclaimers.
http://www.npr.org/2011/01/25/133178893/a-tale-of-two-seed-farmers-organic-vs-engineered
Skip to Main Content Toggle search Stations Donate Shop Sign In/Register Logout Topics News U.S. World Politics Business Technology Science Health Race & Culture Arts & Life Movies Pop Culture Food Art & Design Performing Arts Photography Books Book Reviews Author Interviews Music First Listen Music Articles Studio Sessions Videos Programs News and Conversations Morning Edition All Things Considered Fresh Air Here & Now The Diane Rehm Show Latino USA On The Media On Point Tell Me More Weekend Edition Saturday Weekend Edition Sunday Storytelling & Humor Ask Me Another Car Talk Radiolab Snap Judgment StoryCorps TED Radio Hour Wait Wait...Don't Tell Me! Music All Songs Considered Alt.Latino First Listen Metropolis Microphone Check Mountain Stage From The Top JazzSet Piano Jazz Song Travels The Thistle & Shamrock World Cafe Listen News > Science A Tale Of Two Seed Farmers: Organic Vs. Engineered by Dan Charles January 24, 201110:41 AM ET Listen to the Story All Things Considered 6 min 22 sec Playlist Download Transcript   The Cold War phrase "peaceful coexistence" has been revived in a new context: as a potential solution in the clash between organic agriculture and genetic engineering. This agricultural battle is global in scope, but one place where the tension is most tangible — and where its consequences are most concrete — is the valley along Oregon's Willamette River. i i hide caption"This valley is not big enough to have genetically engineered crops and normal crops growing together without cross contamination happening," says Frank Morton, an organic farmer who grows Swiss chard for seed. Dan Charles for NPR "This valley is not big enough to have genetically engineered crops and normal crops growing together without cross contamination happening," says Frank Morton, an organic farmer who grows Swiss chard for seed. Dan Charles for NPR This valley is a wonderful place to grow things; the soil is fertile and the climate is mild. Settlers who arrived here via the Oregon Trail once called it "Eden." Farmers here can grow almost any crop, and the valley has become a global center of seed production: Seeds for cabbage, spinach, Swiss chard, beets, grass and many other crops are harvested here and shipped all over the world. Since seeds are genetic packages, it is perhaps unsurprising that a battle erupted when some of these farmers started growing genetically engineered sugar beets a few years ago. The beets have a new gene, created in the laboratory, which allows them to tolerate the weedkiller Roundup. On one side of the battle is organic farmer Frank Morton, a relative newcomer to the Willamette Valley's farming community. He grew up in West Virginia, but moved to Oregon in the 1970s to go to college. "This valley is not big enough to have genetically engineered crops and normal crops growing together without cross contamination happening," he says. On the other side is Tim Winn, who has lived and worked on the same farm his whole life, on the banks of the Willamette River just northeast of Corvallis. Winn says government scientists have concluded that there is nothing dangerous in the new gene, and thus no novel risk for Morton or his customers to worry about. i i hide captionFarmer Tim Winn, who has a farm on the banks of the Willamette River, says government scientists have concluded that there is nothing dangerous about the "Roundup Ready" version of the sugar beet crop. Dan Charles for NPR Farmer Tim Winn, who has a farm on the banks of the Willamette River, says government scientists have concluded that there is nothing dangerous about the "Roundup Ready" version of the sugar beet crop. Dan Charles for NPR "We can invent a perceived risk in our mind; a lot of us do," Winn says. "And if the science doesn't support it, then it's not a risk. And I guess if [Morton] wants to stay in business with those customers, it would be in his interest to educate them." The standoff between these two farmers raises a question: Can genetically engineered crops and organic farms can be good neighbors, no matter where they are grown? Concerns Of Cross-Pollination To understand why the tension exists, I visited the farm where Morton grows his organic seeds: Gathering Together Farm, outside the town of Philomath. Morton takes me on a tour of the fields, showing off enclosures for growing vegetables in winter, piles of compost, and fields of cabbage, arugula, turnips and kale. We stop and get out at a field of chard. This chard, Morton explains, is actually the same species as beets. They're all Beta vulgaris, the way black Labradors and golden retrievers are all dogs. So anyone growing these plants for seed has a special concern: windblown pollen. Those different plants will cross-pollinate, so if you want to produce high-quality chard seed, you do not want beet pollen blowing into your field, either from a neighbor's field or from stray plants along a nearby road. And pollen can blow for miles. As it happens, there's a sugar beet seed grower straight across the fields a couple of miles away, Morton says. This has not, until now, become a problem. i i hide captionThe Willamette Valley Specialty Seed Association uses a simple system to avoid cross-pollination: A map of the valley with pins in it shows where each type of crop is planted. It's first come, first served — if you "pin" a sugar beet field, nobody else is supposed to grow seed for Swiss chard within three miles. Dan Charles for NPR The Willamette Valley Specialty Seed Association uses a simple system to avoid cross-pollination: A map of the valley with pins in it shows where each type of crop is planted. It's first come, first served — if you "pin" a sugar beet field, nobody else is supposed to grow seed for Swiss chard within three miles. Dan Charles for NPR "Apparently they aren't finding any of my red chard or golden chard seed in their sugar beets, and I'm not finding any of their genetics in mine. That I know of," Morton says. "There's always some question, and that's the problem — there's always some question." The Willamette Valley Specialty Seed Association has a system for avoiding cross-pollination, and the approach is charmingly low-tech: just a map of the valley with a lot of pins stuck in it to show where each seed crop is planted. For farmers, it's first come, first served — if you "pin" a sugar beet field, nobody else is supposed to grow seed for Swiss chard within three miles. George Burt, the former manager of the West Coast Beet Seed Co. in Salem, Ore., helped set up this system before he retired. "You're really trying to minimize the risk," he says. "And you can get it down to the point where you're relatively sure that you're not hurting anybody else and nobody's hurting you." But seed growers agree: It's almost impossible to guarantee that absolutely no cross-fertilization will ever happen. Finding Common Ground Organic grower Morton didn't worry about this until farmers in the valley started growing genetically engineered sugar beets. For him, those man-made genes are different and require different rules. Morton wants a guarantee that pollen from those genetically engineered beets will not fertilize his chard or red beets. If it did, he says, it would violate his organic principles — and it would destroy his business because his customers wouldn't buy his seeds anymore. Moving Toward Compromise In December, officials at the U.S. Department of Agriculture floated a proposal they hoped could ease some of the ill will between organic farmers and farmers who grow genetically engineered crops. The proposal would allow farmers once again to plant genetically engineered alfalfa, after a court-imposed moratorium on it that has lasted almost four years. But it would restrict the areas in which farmers could grow the crop. Neither side was enthusiastic about it. Under the proposal, which could be adopted as early as this week, entire counties in nine Western states where alfalfa seed is grown would be declared off-limits for genetically engineered alfalfa — except for carefully controlled production of seed. This would reduce the odds of cross-pollination with alfalfa seed being grown for organic farmers. Biotech companies and farm groups accused the USDA of ignoring its own science, since the agency has concluded that genetically engineered alfalfa is completely safe. The organic industry, for its part, called the proposal a step in the right direction but demanded additional measures to protect organic growers from contamination. Some of the leading companies in the organic industry, meanwhile, have been pursuing their own form of pragmatic coexistence. They have formed a "Non-GMO Project" that is drafting standards for food that can be labeled as "non-GMO" — not genetically modified, or genetically engineered. Under these standards, GMO presence would be minimized, but not eliminated. Organic corn that's used as animal feed by producers of organic meat or eggs, for instance, might contain up to 0.9 percent GMOs. The GMO content of corn chips for human consumption, however, would be limited to 0.5 percent. — Dan Charles In fact, he says, just the possibility of contamination is starting to hurt. "We think that buyers from overseas — organic seed companies — we think they have already started to avoid buying from us," he says. So Morton, together with some environmental groups, went to court and won. A federal judge banned the planting of "Roundup Ready" sugar beets until the USDA does an environmental impact study that examines the economic consequences of cross-pollination, especially for organic farmers. In a similar case, another judge demanded the same thing for genetically engineered alfalfa. Listening to Morton and Winn, there doesn't seem to be an easy solution. Morton says his business cannot survive the presence of genetically engineered crops, often called GMOs. "It will be a valley fit for growing GMOs, but won't be a valley where people from Europe and Japan and Korea come to have seed grown," he says. And on the other side, Winn says Morton's demands could unnecessarily cripple a valuable industry. "Quite honestly, if you regulate this valley to the point where you don't have sugar beet seed production, or production of some other major commodities — that's a huge deal!" Winn says. There is one voice calling for compromise: Secretary of Agriculture Tom Vilsack released an open letter last month calling for a "new paradigm of coexistence and cooperation" between the two sides. Giving in a little, Vilsack said, would be better than litigation that puts one side or the other out of business. Related NPR Stories Sugar Beet Beatdown: Engineered Varieties Banned Sept. 16, 2010 Genetically Engineering The Sweet Stuff Feb. 14, 2008 Share Facebook Twitter Google+ Email Comment More From Science Animals Spineless, And Now Homeless: National Zoo Closes Animal Exhibit Space Scientists Observe Springtime Changes On One Of Saturn's Moons Research News How Did The Meter Get Its Length? Health Hospitals To Pay Big Fines For Infections, Avoidable Injuries More From Science Comments   You must be signed in to leave a comment. Sign In / Register Please keep your community civil. All comments must follow the NPR.org Community rules and terms of use, and will be moderated prior to posting. NPR reserves the right to use the comments we receive, in whole or in part, and to use the commenter's name and location, in any medium. See also the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Community FAQ. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Support comes from: Search Home Topics Programs Donate Stations NPR Shop Sign In / Register Logout Back News U.S. World Politics Business Technology Science Health Race & Culture Arts & Life Movies Pop Culture Food Art & Design Performing Arts Photography Books Book Reviews Author Interviews Music First Listen Music Articles Studio Sessions Videos Our Blogs Corrections All About NPR Back news & conversations storytelling & humor music also heard on npr stations Back Morning Edition All Things Considered Fresh Air Here & Now The Diane Rehm Show Latino USA On The Media On Point Science Friday Tell Me More Weekend Edition Saturday Weekend Edition Sunday Back Ask Me Another Car Talk Radiolab Snap Judgment StoryCorps TED Radio Hour Wait Wait...Don't Tell Me! Back All Songs Considered Alt.Latino First Listen Metropolis Microphone Check Mountain Stage From The Top JazzSet Piano Jazz Song Travels The Thistle & Shamrock World Cafe Back A Prairie Home Companion (APM) Marketplace (APM) Science Friday This American Life (PRI) Public Radio Programs A to Z NPR thanks our sponsors Become an NPR sponsor Support NPR NPR Shop Support The Programs You Love <\/script>'); } News U.S. World Opinion Politics Business Technology Science Health Sports Arts & Life Books Movies Pop Culture Food Performing Arts Games & Humor Music Music Articles Music Videos NPR Music Radio Browse Artists A-Z All Songs Considered Alt.Latino First Listen Metropolis Microphone Check Mountain Stage From The Top JazzSet Piano Jazz Song Travels The Thistle & Shamrock World Cafe Programs All Things Considered Ask Me Another Car Talk The Diane Rehm Show Fresh Air Here & Now Latino USA Morning Edition On The Media On Point Science Friday TED Radio Hour Tell Me More Wait Wait...Don't Tell Me! Weekend Edition Saturday Weekend Edition Sunday Listen Hourly News NPR Program Stream Find Station Streams Podcasts More Ways To Listen About Contact Us NPR Shop Visit NPR Careers at NPR Press Room 'This Is NPR' Blog Support and Sponsor Corrections NPR Ombudsman Permissions Email Newsletters RSS Feeds The NPR API © 2014 NPR Help Contact Terms of Use Privacy Sponsorship Choices Text-Only © 2014 NPR
