http://mentalfloss.com/article/49162/10-how-its-made-clips-mister-rogers
Skip to main content area Get a RISK-FREE issue Give a Gift iPad Subscription Fulltext search Main menu Amazing Facts Big Questions Videos LIsts Quizzes Subscribe Store 10 "How It's Made" Clips From Mister Rogers Jason English filed under: Lists Image credit:  Getty Images Mister Rogers passed away 10 years ago today. He may be gone but he's certainly not forgotten, especially in our house where my four-year-old daughter and I watch a Mister Rogers' Neighborhood clip almost every night. To honor the memory of everyone's favorite neighbor, here are 10 clips from those "how it's made" tours that were always my favorite. 1. Toothpaste! 2. Pretzels! 3. Graham Crackers! 4. Crayons! The most famous factory tour taught us how crayons are made. You can find that over at PBS.org. 5. The Incredible Hulk! 6. Milk! 7. Cheerios! [Start at the 3:00 mark.] 8. Fortune Cookies! Watch and learn at PBS.org. 9. Rubber Balls! Another one only available at PBS.org. 10. TV Shows for Soviet Children! There are likely hundreds more where these came from. What was your favorite episode? * * * Jason English is Editor-in-Chief of mentalfloss.com. He scheduled this story before disappearing on paternity leave. He's posting lots of baby pictures over on Twitter (@EnglishJason). More from mental_floss...   11 Hidden Messages in Company Logos   4 Russian Travel Tips for Visiting America   What Causes Late Night Snack Cravings?   How Many Spiders Do You Really Swallow in Your Sleep? February 27, 2013 - 8:24am Jason English EnglishJason Editor-in-Chief, Digital for mental_floss. Nerdy dad to three little girls. Wearing blue glasses all of a sudden. View the discussion thread. Carly Simon’s dad is the Simon of Simon and Schuster. &amp;nbsp; MOST POPULAR Viewed Past: 1 day 1 week 1 month 1 year &amp;nbsp; MOST POPULAR Viewed Past: 1 day 1 week 1 month 1 year Also on Mental Floss: About RSS Privacy Terms Contact Press Subscribe Store Give a Gift iPad Subscriber Services Giveaways Back Issues DID YOU KNOW? Marlon Brando hated memorizing lines so much that he posted cue cards everywhere to help him get through scenes. He even asked for lines to be written on an actress's posterior. (That request was denied.) © TEXT Mental Floss, Inc. All rights reserved. Mental Floss® is a registered trademark owned by Felix Dennis. mentalfloss.com is a trademark owned by Felix Dennis.  
http://beyondthenewyorker.wordpress.com/2013/02/27/in-memory-of-fred-rogers-can-you-say-hero-from-tom-junod/
Beyond The New Yorker About Must-Reads Exploring longform, The New Journalism, creative nonfiction–whatever you want to call it In Memory of Fred Rogers: “Can You Say…Hero?” by Tom Junod by Meagan Flynn Synopsis: A profile of Fred Rogers, or as we know him from the Neighborhood, from childhood, Mister Rogers. Today marks the 10th anniversary of his death. There are some stories we can analyze all we want, but sometimes there are stories in which, no matter how much we pick them apart, what’s on the surface for us to appreciate is more telling than any analysis. This story is one of them. It’s my favorite profile of all time, by Tom Junod in Esquire, 1998. I could end right here, and I think I’ve already done enough to explain why you need to read this story. But I’ll go on about what I like best about it, anyway: First and foremost: the tone. Dig back into your childhood memory and try to remember what Mister Rogers sounded like on television—that simple talk easy for children to understand. Defining words, addressing why things happen, why they are the way they are. Saying so much with so little. This is in Tom Junod’s writing here, too. He adopts a tone that Mister Rogers would use if he were the one telling the story aloud.  There are storytelling qualities in here that not only hook us into this long piece, but remind us of our childhood just as Mister Rogers does himself: Junod begins each story of a child whom Mister Rogers has, quite literally, saved ,or any story from Mister Rogers’ past, with “Once upon a time.” And he defines words for us like Mister Rogers would: “He was thunderstruck. Thunderstruck means that you can’t talk, because something has happened that’s as sudden and as miraculous and maybe as scary as a bolt of lightning, and all you can do is listen to the rumble.” But perhaps what’s most riveting about this profile is Tom Junod’s personal tie to it. There’s a scene that Junod highlights, the one when Mister Rogers accepts his Daytime Emmy and tells the audience in his short speech, “All of us have special ones who have loved us into being. Would you just take, along with me, ten seconds to think of the people who have helped you become who you are?” At first the audience is unsure if Mister Rogers is serious. But within seconds, the audience is in tears. Junod illustrates this power that Mister Rogers has over “all his vanquished children,” as Junod writes, in guiding them in remembering that at one time, they were children, too. He has this power over Junod, over me and you and all readers whether they had a happy childhood or not. Junod acknowledges it in his own anecdote about a stuffed animal he once had as a kid, “Old Rabbit.” He begins with the night he learned how to pray—when he tossed Old Rabbit out the window then prayed to God he would find it: “ONCE UPON A TIME, a little boy loved a stuffed animal whose name was Old Rabbit. It was so old, in fact, that it was really an unstuffed animal; so old that even back then, with the little boy’s brain still nice and fresh, he had no memory of it as “Young Rabbit,” or even “Rabbit”; so old that Old Rabbit was barely a rabbit at all but rather a greasy hunk of skin without eyes and ears, with a single red stitch where its tongue used to be. The little boy didn’t know why he loved Old Rabbit; he just did, and the night he threw it out the car window was the night he learned how to pray. He would grow up to become a great prayer, this little boy, but only intermittently, only fitfully, praying only when fear and desperation drove him to it, and the night he threw Old Rabbit into the darkness was the night that set the pattern, the night that taught him how.” All throughout, learning to pray becomes a theme. Mister Rogers teaches others to pray, and Junod highlights what praying is to Mister Rogers. There’s a question that comes up once or twice in the story, subtly, not immediately seeming substantial: “What is grace?” We don’t realize the significance of this until the story’s end. (And you should stop here if you want to find out for yourself.) The reason this story is so riveting is because, not only does Junod bring us so close to Rogers on a level few people have ever seen, Junod learns something about himself that he had been trying to learn since he threw Old Rabbit out the window in the lead of his story: He learns what it really means to pray, and he sees what grace is. He learns it from Mister Rogers, and this in itself shows the core of Mister Rogers. Junod does this without begging Mister Rogers to reveal himself and his whole life and without asking forward questions. Few profiles reach the very core of a person. This is one that does. Do yourself a favor and read this all the way through. And here’s to Mister Rogers. About these ads Share this: Twitter Facebook Like this: Like Loading... Related Published: February 27, 2013 Filed Under: Uncategorized Tags: Can you say...hero? : childhood : Emmy Awards : Esquire : longform : Mister Rogers : Tom Junod 2 Comments to “In Memory of Fred Rogers: “Can You Say…Hero?” by Tom Junod” Naima Schuller says: March 11, 2013 at 3:13 pm I have a hunch that Mr. Rogers was a surrogate father to many of us “vanquished children”…..like me. Thanks for this! Reply flynnmeagan says: March 11, 2013 at 5:42 pm You’re very welcome! Thanks for reading Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of follow-up comments via email. « Previous Post Next Post » Top Posts & Pages In Memory of Fred Rogers: “Can You Say...Hero?” by Tom Junod On Lawrence Wright’s “The Life and Death of Richard Brautigan” (Rolling Stone, April 1985) About Top Clicks longform.org byliner.com esquire.com/print-this/hu… gangrey.com longreads.com thedqtimes.com/pages/cast… youtube.com/watch?v=Upm9L… dinkypage.com/118674 Recent Posts On Jeanne Marie Laskas’ “The People V. Football” (GQ, March 2011) On Eli Saslow’s “Life of a Salesman” (The Washington Post, October 2012) A Q&A with Michael Mooney on elaborate outlining, “The Legend of Chris Kyle,” and the importance of access Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. The Manifest Theme. Follow Follow “Beyond The New Yorker” Get every new post delivered to your Inbox. Join 985 other followers Powered by WordPress.com %d bloggers like this:
http://www.prdaily.com/Main/Articles/12_incredibly_inspiring_quotes_from_Mister_Rogers_11979.aspx
| | | Log In using Facebook | Log In | Cart | Store Home Social Media Media Relations Crisis Marketing Writing & Editing Events Training Awards Videos Advanced Search » Sign up for the Yes, I accept Terms of Use. Terms of Use | Today's Headlines Follow PR Daily on: Submit News Sign up for the Yes, I accept Terms of Use. Terms of Use | Today's Headlines Follow PR Daily on: Submit News Related Articles By Category News Feed Breaking News Writing & Editing 12 incredibly inspiring quotes from Mister Rogers By Peg Fitzpatrick | Posted: March 14, 2013 Tweet Wednesday, Mar. 20, marks the 85th birthday of Fred Rogers, a.k.a Mister Rogers, the beloved PBS personality who died in 2003. We dusted off this story, which appeared on PR Daily in June 2012, to honor the occasion.  Did you ever grow anything in the garden of your mind? This video, created by PBS Digital Studio, brought a huge wave of memories for me and got me thinking about inspiration and imagination. Fred Rogers inspired millions of children to use their imagination—to imagine beyond what they see—and to grow. His patience in explaining things, asking questions, and giving us permission to be afraid spoke directly to each tiny viewer as he or she peered at the screen. Fred Rogers broke ground in television and helped a nation go places it had never been before. I compiled some quotes by Mister Rogers; I hope he brings you some inspiration today. 1. “Often when you think you’re at the end of something, you’re at the beginning of something else.” 2. “Forgiveness is a strange thing. It can sometimes be easier to forgive our enemies than our friends. It can be hardest of all to forgive people we love. Like all of life’s important coping skills, the ability to forgive and the capacity to let go of resentments most likely take root very early in our lives.” 3. “Love and trust, in the space between what’s said and what’s heard in our life, can make all the difference in the world. ” 4. “The child is in me still and sometimes not so still.” 5. “Discovering the truth about ourselves is a lifetime’s work, but it’s worth the effort.” 6. “Knowing that we can be loved exactly as we are gives us all the best opportunity for growing into the healthiest of people.” 7. “I don’t think anyone can grow unless he’s loved exactly as he is now, appreciated for what he is rather than what he will be.” 8. “There are three ways to ultimate success: The first way is to be kind. The second way is to be kind. The third way is to be kind.” 9. “Feeling good about ourselves is essential in our being able to love others.” 10. “Love isn’t a state of perfect caring. It is an active noun like struggle. To love someone is to strive to accept that person exactly the way he or she is, right here and now.” 11. “Try your best to make goodness attractive. That’s one of the toughest assignments you’ll ever be given.” 12. “The connections we make in the course of a life—maybe that’s what heaven is.” What lessons do you remember from Mister Rogers and his wonderful neighborhood? Peg Fitzpatrick is a managing partner and writer for 12 Most blog. She is director of marketing and social media manager for Kreussler Inc., and hosts the popular #MyBookClub chat on the first Monday of every month at 8 pm EST. Tweet her and say hi at @pegfitzpatrick. A version of this story first appeared on the 12 Most blog. (Image via) Tweet Home | Social Media | Media Relations | Crisis | Marketing | Writing & Editing | Events | Training | Awards | Videos Ragan.com | PRDaily.eu | HealthCareCommunication.com | HRCommunication.com About Us | Contributors | Contact Us | FAQ | RSS | Store | Privacy Policy | Site Map Copyright Ragan Communications, Inc. Loading...
http://www.misterrogersandme.com/news/2013/03/mister-rogers-sweater/
  A Deep & Simple Documentary Film buy about news media press Mister Rogers’ Really Big Cardigan March 20th, 2013 Mister Rogers touched millions of lives. Pittsburgh native, Alicia Kachmar — the woman behind the awesome, thoughtful “yarn bomb” of Mister Rogers’ North Shore statue — is one. The artist (an freelance writer, Etsy shop owner, Today Show craft maker, craft book author, and college tour copywriter who confesses that she drinks a lot of coffee and doesn’t sleep a lot) counts her primary influences as “people who combine education and good will with fun and creativity: Mister Rogers, Jim Henson, Dr. Seuss.” When approached by an arts organization in 2011 to wrap the statue in a sweater reminiscent of the iconic ones worn on “Mister Rogers’ Neighborhood” (all knit by his mother), Alicia jumped at the chance. “I was pretty much born to do it,” she says. When the opportunity to pepper her with questions was availed, I jumped at mine. Here’s our exchange. BW: What are you first memories of Mister Rogers? AK: I was born in 1981 and grew up in Pittsburgh, watched the show a lot as a kid, and was aware that he was *in* Pittsburgh as well. I was so captivated by everything that happened in the show, from the interactions with the Make-Believe characters to the adventures, like visiting a toothpaste factory or a crayon factory. (Maybe he is why I got so interested in factory tours ever since I was a young adult? Every object I see, I think, *this* was made somewhere–but where? How? Can I go there and see it being made???) When I was watching the show, I felt like I was there, that he was talking specifically to me, that we were friends. BW: What was your sense of him in the community? AK: Everyone I knew in Pittsburgh loved him and loved the show. I think he was a genuine source of pride in the city, that he was creating this long-running popular show right here! And he still is a source of pride for Pittsburghers; there is still a fair amount of programming at places like the Children’s Museum that is Mister Rogers-themed. And an exhibit at the airport! There is the sense that he is part of each Pittsburgh family, and I imagine he touched people in that same way beyond the city lines. BW: Did you ever meet him? AK: I did meet him! I met him once at the Children’s Museum. I was very young so I don’t remember what the actual event or program was, but somewhere I have an autographed photo of him. At the risk of sounding saccharine, I recall feeling such warmth emanating from him. Warmth. Sincerity. Love. Joy. Whatever you want to call it. BW: What inspired you to crochet a cardigan for his statue? AK: I can’t take credit for the giant cardigan idea. Outpost Journal, a brand-new publication, approached me with the idea after they heard my name tossed around when inquiring about yarn-related people in Pittsburgh. The magazine is a “non-profit print publication on innovative art, design and community action from cities that have been traditionally underexposed beyond their local contexts.” So, each issue focuses on just one city, and they chose Pittsburgh as their debut issue/city, and then they want to have some creative “engagement with tourist attractions.” It sounded like a crazy idea, to make a GIANT cardigan for a Mister Rogers sweater–how does one say no to that?! I’m always up for crazy crochet challenges. BW: How long did it take? How much yarn? AK: Long! I worked during the day and then babysat until 11pm every night, so I would work on it after my “charge” went to bed. I don’t even want to know how many hours it took! It took many many, skeins of yarn, and I actually crocheted with 3 strands of yarn together and a giant crochet hook. I have actually, still, never crocheted a human-sized sweater, so the mechanics of such a garment were not exactly in my crochet expertise. (I make very small toy-like things!). I consulted my fashion designer sister once we knew the various statue measurements. Because of the way the statue was made, with his arms against his legs, I couldn’t just “crochet a sweater”; it had to be done in panels and then sewn onto him. The part of the sweater that I am most proud of is the zipper–it’s a real zipper! I ordered it online, and it was made to be used in a sleeping bag. My mom sewed it into the sweater, so it actually functioned as a zipper! BW: What is his legacy for you? For Pittsburgh? AK: In my opinion, both Mister Rogers and Jim Henson are two of the greatest people to have ever lived. Mister Rogers combined creativity, curiosity, and a love of humanity in such a genuine and unique way. At the core, he just wanted to be a good person and help others. I have worked with children for a number of years–in schools, museums, botanical garden, daycares, after school programs, camps — and I have a whimsical crochet business and a writing career, so Mister Rogers has definitely been influential in my life. I love when he said, “The child is in me still and sometimes not so still.” Every day feels so full of possibility for me — who will I meet and what will I learn today? 37 Comments Angelo Krail says: likes is incredibly simple, don’t avoid above steps and save your Facebook Web page Likes. Also check out Here you can check how to divert your Facebook Webpage traffic to you Site Connect with TricksWindow on March 23, 2013 at 12:57 am get cash for surveys real says: I will immediately take hold of your rss as I can’t in finding your email subscription link or newsletter service. Do you’ve any? Please allow me realize so that I may subscribe. Thanks. March 25, 2013 at 11:40 pm baggy eyes says: I have read several excellent stuff here. Certainly price book-marking for revisiting. I surprise the amount of attempt you placed to create the type of magnificent informative website. March 26, 2013 at 12:18 am beast 123 says: As I website possessor I think the content material here is rattling wonderful, thankyou for your efforts. March 27, 2013 at 11:19 am Read More says: It is appropriate time to make some plans for the future and it is time to be happy. I have read this post and if I could I want to suggest you some interesting things or advice. Perhaps you can write next articles referring to this article. I want to read more things about it! March 27, 2013 at 4:34 pm Myron Schobert says: I’d rather have Lin Dans WC-final T-shirt!!! March 27, 2013 at 5:19 pm monster beats says: The wild application of mind areas in this chapter are all located along or near the green river, with the exception of winter ridge WSA. The Uintah and Ouray Indian Concealment separates winter ridge WSA from the green river passage. If you look at a Utah highway map, you’ll heed that this complete circle appears roadless. I-70 runs along the meridional cutting side, with US 191 to the west and arctic. In places, Destruction Gorge (cut by the green river) is 3,000 to 5,000 feet down-reaching. This craggy canyon and its tributaries are not the only farthest terrain that bound way via paved highways. The 250-mile-long book Cliffs sunder the civilized cosmos from this expansion of wild application of mind areas. Often, confine lines between wild application of mind areas are {uneven|craggy|cragged|scraggy|scabrous|rough} filth roads suitable for jeeps and other 4WD vehicles with high-reaching release. This drag along guide includes descriptions of Rtrail Gorge to Joe Springs. March 27, 2013 at 9:37 pm dr dre headphones says: This is getting a bit more subjective, but I much prefer the Zune Marketplace. March 28, 2013 at 6:09 am Theodore Cullom says: Throughout the great design of things you receive an A for effort. Where exactly you confused me personally was first on your facts. You know, it is said, details make or break the argument.. And that could not be much more accurate in this article. Having said that, permit me inform you what exactly did deliver the results. The writing is actually rather convincing which is possibly why I am taking an effort to comment. I do not really make it a regular habit of doing that. Second, despite the fact that I can certainly notice a jumps in reasoning you make, I am definitely not convinced of how you appear to connect the details which inturn make your final result. For now I shall subscribe to your issue however wish in the foreseeable future you connect your facts better. March 28, 2013 at 8:04 pm Read More says: I reflect you completed a couple of sensibly fascinating points. Not exceedingly countless persons would especially obtain into consideration this the way you simply did. I’m correctly impressed that there’s a lot in relation to this subject that has been revealed and you did it so appropriately, with so by far class. Top-notch one, show gratitude you. March 28, 2013 at 10:05 pm BNS Gold says: You can certainly see your skills in the paintings you write. The sector hopes for more passionate writers like you who are not afraid to mention how they believe. All the time go after your heart. “A second wife is hateful to the children of the first a viper is not more hateful.” by Euripides. March 29, 2013 at 9:54 am Allen Urfer says: It’s very colorful and lovely OLED screen is slightly smaller than the touch screen, but the player itself feels quite a bit smaller and lighter. It weighs about 2/3 as much, and is noticeably smaller in width and height, while being just a hair thicker. March 29, 2013 at 12:55 pm Jalisa Shape says: It’s very colorful and lovely OLED screen is slightly smaller than the touch screen, but the player itself feels quite a bit smaller and lighter. It weighs about 2/3 as much, and is noticeably smaller in width and height, while being just a hair thicker. March 29, 2013 at 4:58 pm Geneva Aichele says: As I site possessor I believe the content matter here is rattling excellent , appreciate it for your hard work. You should keep it up forever! Good Luck. March 29, 2013 at 7:40 pm distilling vodka says: Excellent read, I just passed this onto a friend who was doing a little research on that. And he actually bought me lunch as I found it for him smile So let me rephrase that: Thanks for lunch! March 29, 2013 at 9:09 pm Las Vegas Pizza Delivery says: I am always browsing online for tips that can help me. Thanks! March 29, 2013 at 10:27 pm Winston Philbert says: Those concerned with privacy will be relieved to know you can prevent the public from seeing your personal listening habits if you so choose. March 30, 2013 at 3:23 am kajaki says: Really Appreciate this article, can you make it so I get an update sent in an email every time you write a fresh update? March 30, 2013 at 10:43 pm Chris Bundette says: I needed to post you this very little remark to help say thank you as before on your exceptional methods you have contributed on this page. It’s really tremendously open-handed of you to give without restraint what exactly many of us might have sold for an e-book to generate some bucks for their own end, most notably seeing that you might have done it in the event you desired. The things also acted as the great way to be aware that other people have the same zeal like my very own to realize more when considering this matter. Certainly there are thousands of more pleasant moments ahead for individuals that start reading your website. March 31, 2013 at 12:30 am Gerard Siple says: Zune and iPod: Most people compare the Zune to the Touch, but after seeing how slim and surprisingly small and light it is, I consider it to be a rather unique hybrid that combines qualities of both the Touch and the Nano. March 31, 2013 at 1:25 am sponsors says: Thankyou for all your efforts that you have put in this. very interesting information. March 31, 2013 at 5:47 pm analyze support attorney junction city says: This web site is my intake , really good style and design and perfect written content . April 1, 2013 at 4:35 am sponsors says: Rattling nice style and superb content material , practically nothing else we want : D. April 1, 2013 at 7:56 am ogrody zimowe says: Best Electronic Cigarette… April 1, 2013 at 8:00 am Unique Hoodia ingredients says: It’s ok to research the Internet for article ideas, but it’s not okay to copy word-for-word of any article. Paraphrasing can also be classified as plagiarism. Be original. April 1, 2013 at 12:53 pm ogrody zimowe says: Miss Ho is the selection canada goose montebell owomen nyc of clothes, told reporters she heard a friend say this opening, this weekend, want to canada goose hybridge jacket come back, but was worried the first day of good models have been picked to go, so specially invited a half-day leave over. She said that was the first time to the garment factory selection of clothing, did canada goose down kids coats not expect so many people, pick a long time, bought three pants, four coats, a total of just over 1100 yuan, super bargain. April 1, 2013 at 6:36 pm Gilberto Arimoto says: good day, I enjoyed yall’s post. avid christian reader outy 5k April 2, 2013 at 5:57 am Juliann Santoy says: excellent issues altogether, you just received a new reader. What might you suggest in regards to your post that you just made some days in the past? Any sure? April 2, 2013 at 12:55 pm tires says: I as well think therefore, perfectly composed post! April 2, 2013 at 5:42 pm small blue arrow says: You have brought up a very fantastic points , appreciate it for the post. April 2, 2013 at 7:13 pm Jovita Mildenberger says: Well I definitely enjoyed studying it. This information procured by you is very practical for proper planning. April 2, 2013 at 11:34 pm Theodore Lowrance says: This paragraph is in fact a fastidious one it helps new internet users, who are wishing for blogging.| April 3, 2013 at 12:06 am cpt 4 codes lookup says: Very interesting info !Perfect just what I was searching for! April 3, 2013 at 2:22 am Keeley Disabato says: Welcome to Studio Plazma, Visit us on: April 3, 2013 at 4:44 am SixPack Trainingsplan says: Pourquoi ne pas relater les significations déclarées la semaine dernieres selon la chambre national? Au minimum on aurait la possibilité de chicaner selon les vrais taux; April 3, 2013 at 6:33 am Get the facts says: Very nice article. I absolutely appreciate this website. Continue the good work! April 3, 2013 at 7:36 am About An MTV producer's life is transformed when he meets the recently retired host of 'Mister Rogers' Neighborhood,' Fred Rogers. Friendship with the PBS icon sets the young producer on a hero's quest to find depth and simplicity amidst a shallow and complex world through conversations with Susan Stamberg (NPR), Tim Russert ('Meet The Press'), Marc Brown ('Arthur') and more. More about the film Watch At Home   Official Soundtrack Search Archives Select Month February 2014  (2) September 2013  (1) June 2013  (1) March 2013  (1) February 2013  (1) December 2012  (1) November 2012  (2) September 2012  (1) July 2012  (1) April 2012  (1) March 2012  (8) February 2012  (3) January 2012  (2) November 2011  (1) October 2011  (2) September 2011  (2) August 2011  (1) May 2011  (1) February 2011  (1) January 2011  (1) November 2010  (1) October 2010  (1) September 2010  (4) August 2010  (2) July 2010  (1) June 2010  (7) May 2010  (5) April 2010  (4) March 2010  (3) February 2010  (1) January 2010  (4) December 2009  (2) November 2009  (2) October 2009  (4) September 2009  (8) August 2009  (2) July 2009  (1) June 2009  (1) February 2009  (2) January 2009  (2) December 2008  (1) November 2008  (1) October 2008  (1) August 2008  (2) July 2008  (1) June 2008  (2) May 2008  (6) April 2008  (4) March 2008  (8) February 2008  (4) January 2008  (10) December 2007  (9) November 2007  (8) October 2007  (1) September 2007  (5) August 2007  (6) July 2007  (5) June 2007  (2) May 2007  (1) April 2007  (2) March 2007  (4) February 2007  (10) January 2007  (7) December 2006  (4) November 2006  (5) October 2006  (3) September 2006  (7) August 2006  (7) July 2006  (10) June 2006  (11) News Why "Mister Rogers & Me" Was Added To 19 Stations 4 Years After Its Premiere Iowa Homecoming For "Mister Rogers & Me" Mister Rogers Goes Hollywood With Tim Madigan... And MTV? Amy Hollingsworth's Revealing "Letters" Mister Rogers' Really Big Cardigan Remembering Mister Rogers, Ten Years Later Connect RSS Facebook Email Sites We Like Amy Hollingsworth Benjamin Wagner Beverly Hall Photography Campaign For A Commercial-Free Childhood Children's Museum Of Pittsburgh Christofer Wagner Conure Studios Family Communications Found Magazine Fred Rogers Center Human Kindness Foundation Lucky Duck Productions Marc Brown Studios Mister Rogers' Neighborhood Nantucket Film Festival National Academy Of Television Arts & Sciences Neighborhood Archive Save Mister Rogers' Neighborhood Susan Stamberg Tim Madigan Tim Russert   INFORMATION About Press Email "There is something of yourself that you leave at every meeting with another person." - Mister Rogers "Mister Rogers & Me" | A Wagner Bros. Film Join Us On Facebook Follow Us on Twitter "Mister Rogers & Me" Website By Conure Studios
http://communities.washingtontimes.com/neighborhood/world-our-backyard/2013/mar/20/happy-birthday-mr-rogers/
What do e-cigarettes and 'The Sound of Music Live' have in common? The need for a 'true journalistic' revolution Sheila Jackson Lee: Renaming welfare, rebranding the 'War on poverty' Cold weather emboldens car thieves in DC metro area Christie, BridgeGate, GatesGate and the gate to the 2016 election My age 42 birthday wish: Meeting 43 by 43 TV tonight: ‘The Spoils of Babylon’ plus ‘Appalachian Outlaws’ PHILLIPS: Michelle Obama: A Queen comes to town WWE announces launch date for the new WWE Network Midseason replacement TV shows: What’s new for 2014? TWT Home Opinion Sports Culture Books Blogs Communities Photo Galleries Entertain Us Family Global Life Sports View Politics Hip Hop Republicans Tea Party Voices Religion Food & Travel Health & Science Business Communities Home Global A World in our Backyard About Us Write For Us Contact Us FEEDS Terms Happy Birthday Mr. Rogers Comment(s) Photo: AP Wednesday, March 20, 2013 - A World in our Backyard by Laura Sesana Laura Sesana Ask me a question. WASHINGTON DC, February 21, 2013 – Mr. Fred Rogers, the man who singlehandedly worked to teach children self-esteem, kindness, understanding of the world around them and their feelings, was born on March 20, 1928.  In his posthumous biography, Rogers is quoted as saying “More and more I’ve come to understand that listening is one of the most important things we can do for one another.” Mr. Rogers’ Neighborhood premiered nationwide 45 years ago, on February 19, 1968.  Even for a kid who grew up in South America, Mr. Rogers evokes memories of childhood, wholesomeness, and a time when everything seemed simpler. Fred McFeely Rogers (March 20, 1928 – February 27, 2003) changed children’s programming, and saved PBS for generations to come. A Presbyterian minister, educator, puppeteer, author, songwriter, and television host famously said that he got into television because he disliked the programming that children were being bombarded with.  In an era when children’s television was headed in a different direction, Mr. Rogers introduced a show focused on building self-esteem and understanding.  Credited with saving the PBS and the Corporation for Public Broadcasting, his unforgettable plea to the United States Senate Subcommittee on Communications in 1969 encapsulates who he was and what his show meant.  Explaining his show to Senator John O. Pastore, who was not familiar with Rogers or what he did, the always soft-spoken host stated that his show, as opposed to cartoons and other children’s programming of the time, addressed childhood’s “inner drama. Rogers told Pastore that his show was “an expression of care every day to each child,” and for that reason he ended every show telling each viewer that they had made today a special day just by being themselves because there is no person in the world like “you.” “I feel that if we in public television can only make it clear that feelings are mentionable and manageable,” Mr. Rogers continues, “we will have done a great service for mental health.”  Rogers argues that showing two grown men working out their feelings can be much more dramatic that showing gunfire.  Mr. Rogers finishes his testimony by quoting the words to his song, “What do you do with the mad that you feel?”  I have provided the lyrics below.  When he finished, the notoriously tough Senator, visibly touched, stated, “Looks like you just earned the $20 million.” His gentle voice spoke directly to each child, making all of us feel special.   Related story Sharing Christmas joy through acts of random kindness Despite the countless jokes and parodies, Mr. Rogers’ Neighborhood endures in our collective memory.    Some have even called it “the greatest television show ever made.”  A truly exemplary human being, Mr. Rogers was married to the same woman throughout his life, never smoked or drank, was a vegetarian, and swam every morning.  Mr. Rogers didn’t judge.  When asked to speak against non-Christians or homosexuals, Mr. Rogers would say that God loves each and every one of us just the way we are.  One of his most popular songs, It’s You I Like comes to mind.  In one of my favorite versions, he sings it with a handicapped friend.  Watching Mr. Rogers as an adult is hypnotic.  The years and parodies have not dulled his emotional connection with the viewer as he looks at the camera and speaks in his no-nonsense, matter-of-fact way.  He brings us back to the children we were in a genuine and very sincere way.  He speaks to you, the child you were; watching him you can almost feel like that child again, if only for a few minutes.  Every time I catch Mr. Rogers on the Internet, I feel the urge to call my brother and catch up, perhaps reminded of sitting together in front of the TV after school pretending we weren’t into it but not missing a single episode.  I could write for days about how wonderful Mr. Rogers was, how much I learned from him, and how much his show helped me when I was feeling confused, angry, or scared.     In the wake of growingly polarized discussion on gun violence and mental health among young people, Mr. Rogers’ philosophy on childhood education- especially emotional education- is more pertinent than ever.  It seems like almost ten years after his death there is still a lot Mr. Rogers can teach us.  The above video shows a remix of Mr. Roger’s famous “In the Garden of your Mind.”  A lesson, as below, that we can all learn. What do you do with the mad that you feel?  By Fred Rogers What do you do with the mad that you feel When you feel so mad you could bite? When the whole wide world seems oh, so wrong… And nothing you do seems very right? What do you do? Do you punch a bag? Do you pound some clay or some dough? Do you round up friends for a game of tag? Or see how fast you go? It’s great to be able to stop When you’ve planned a thing that’s wrong, And be able to do something else instead And think this song: I can stop when I want to Can stop when I wish. I can stop, stop, stop any time. And what a good feeling to feel like this And know that the feeling is really mine. Know that there’s something deep inside That helps us become what we can. For a girl can be someday a woman And a boy can be someday a man. Read more A World in our Backyard by Laura Sesana This article is the copyrighted property of the writer and Communities @ WashingtonTimes.com. Written permission must be obtained before reprint in online or print media. REPRINTING TWTC CONTENT WITHOUT PERMISSION AND/OR PAYMENT IS THEFT AND PUNISHABLE BY LAW. More from A World in our Backyard BPA questions and answers: is it safe? 11 unusual New Year's traditions from around the world What happens if you don’t have health insurance by January 1, 2014? New York bans plastic foam containers, could your city be next? Reports: high levels of bacteria in chicken, weak USDA oversight Ten tips to make your holidays green Odds of winning Mega Million jackpot: Better to marry a millionaire FDA plans to phase out some antibiotics on factory farms EPA planning to reduce inspections and enforcement for the next five years Jordan Graham newlywed murder trial begins in Montana Satanists petition to build monument on Oklahoma state capitol grounds EPA caves to the petroleum industry, could cost taxpayers Report finds CO2 causing rapid ocean acidification 10 ways to increase your chances of seeing Comet ISON Sucralose, Splenda, your health, and the environment   Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Laura Sesana is a writer and DC, Maryland attorney, joining the Communities in 2012.  She is the author of Colombia: Natural Parks, and has also written several articles on literary criticism.  She writes about food, health, nutrition, women’s legal issues, and the environment.   In addition to writing for the Communities, Laura also works as an attorney and legal content writer.   Contact Laura Sesana Error Please enable pop-ups to use this feature, don't worry you can always turn them off later. Editors' Picks My age 42 birthday wish: Meeting 43 by 43 Hawaiian coffee startup sees global interest An American mother fights for her adoptive daughter in the Congo Theo Walcott's injury; Eusebio gone; tough days for soccer The overtime of fame: Chris Kluwe, show trials and the NFL Abandoned horses suffer in Maryland as adoptions dwindle Jerusalem 3D IMAX offers a sensory ride for the spirit TeamBuilders Counseling Services on best resolutions to make in 2014 Why the Obama administration is terrified of the Bob Gates revelations IRS to get 'license to kill' groups that oppose Obama agenda Most Read Interview: Akiane speaks of heaven and paintings Why English should be the official language of the United States A rare history lesson: The truth about Israel and Palestine Cigarettes versus marijuana: Why one is legal and the other not How to react when a date cancels 42 days after "microwave mind control" complaint, Alexis kills 12 Outside Lands San Francisco: wine + music pairing guide U.S. Navy Chief Petty Officer initiation ill-advisedly abolished U.S. Organic Food trend forecasted for growth through 2018 RECIPE: Apricot almond freezer jam Question of the Day Featured Riffs Find up-to-date information on the D.C. and Baltimore live music scenes and read interviews with artists and reviews of the latest releases and concerts. The Saint Johns perform at the 9:30 Club Florida singer/songwriter duo's recent performance at DC's 9:30 Club reviewed. The Devil Makes Three: Bluegrass in action at the 9:30 Club Bluegrass trio, The Devil Makes Three: Updated down-home action at the 9:30 Club. Minor Alps perform at the Black Cat Juliana Hatfield and Matthew Caws appearance as Minor Alps in DC. Review: Classic hardcore punks H2O at the Fillmore Classic hardcore punks H2O in action in Silver Spring, Maryland. Metro News Find the latest news and happening that effect those in the Washington D.C., Northern Virginia and Maryland Metro region. It’s All Smoke and Whiskey All of the world’s problems, solved on your back porch The Tygrrrr Express A politically conservative and morally liberal Hebrew alpha male hunts left-wing viper TV Den Television commentary, reviews, news and nonstop DVR catch-up by Lisa King Dolloff and friends. Gorilla Position The world of professional wrestling as seen through the eyes of columnist James Ryan, including previews, recaps, interviews and all of the latest wrestling news. Video AP Top Stories January 9 A (Runtime: 01:05) More Video View all Videos > 01:17 Giffords Skydives on Shooting Anniversary 00:52 Raw: Conjoined Whales Discovered, Dead 01:56 Bullock, Timberlake Winners at People's Choice Photo Galleries Mercatello sul Metauro Images from Mercatello sul Metauro and Rubino 53 Photos Cherished Korean Christmas Memories Gallery From Korea In Years Gone By - Photographs by 1st LT David Bartruff, USAR 26 Photos The Waldorf Astoria Spa When you're not on the slopes, relax and renew at the Waldorf Astoria Spa. 9 Photos Slideshow: Photos from the 2013 Holiday Gift Guide featuring the best video game-, comic book- and pop culture-themed gift ideas Photos from the 2013 Holiday Gift Guide featuring the best video game-, comic book- and pop culture-themed gift ideas include Sideshow Collectibles' Hulk Maquette, Hasbro's Anakin to Darth Vader figure and Uncle Milton's Spider-Man Web Creator Lab. 7 Photos Advent Harvest at the Vine Church of Petaluma, California 21 Photos Images from St. Peter's square, St. Peter's Basillica, Vatican City, Rome Images from St. Peter's square, St. Peter's Basillica, Vatican City, Rome (September 2012/Jacquie Kubin) 44 Photos Pyramids and Egypt Historical treasures of Egypt. 8 Photos Elton John, Verizon Center, DC - Nov 2013 Images for his Madman Across the Water Tour, November 2013. 25 Photos Mt. Rushmore - Dave Bartruff Mt. Rushmore - Dave Bartruff 19 Photos Bluefields Bay Villas & Patrick Marti: Business & Peace Corp working together to make a difference Bluefields Bay Villas & Patrick Marti: Business & Peace Corp working together to make a difference 53 Photos Popular Threads Powered by Disqus All site contents © Copyright 2014 The Washington Times, LLC. Contributors are responsible for this content, which is not edited by The Washington Times. About Us | Write For Us | Contact Us | RSS | Terms
http://iseeblessings.blogspot.com/2013/02/mr-rogers-neighborhood.html
I See Blessings "This man was born blind so that God’s power could be shown in him." - John 9:3 (NCV) I may be legally blind, but do you see what I see? February 27, 2013 Mr. Rogers' Neighborhood "It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood A beautiful day for a neighbor... Would you be mine?" For years as a kid, I remember turning on the local PBS affiliate, and there were a few shows I always liked to watch: Reading Rainbow, Sesame Street... and Mister Rogers' Neighborhood. My favorite at the time was probably Sesame Street, but I loved all three. Eventually, of course, I grew up and began to feel like I grew out of those shows, and I haven't watched any of them in ages. But looking back, I think I have more happy memories of Mister Rogers' Neighborhood than any of the others. I remember a few of the educational segments, I remember the trolley ride into the "Neighborhood of Make-Believe", and some of the fun characters there. I remember the sweaters, feeding the fish, and fun songs like "Won't You Be My Neighbor?" and "It's Such a Good Feeling". But most of all, I remember how Mr. Rogers seemed to genuinely care about the children watching his show. He spoke in a way that would be easily understood - in a calm, clear tone. He talked about things that were important to us as kids - about hopes and fears of all kinds. And his messages were always reassuring and uplifting. "You are special."                     "You are loved."  "I like you, and I hope you like you, too!" Sadly, Mr. Rogers left us 10 years ago today. I have a small book called, "The World according to Mister Rogers", which is a collection of quotes published the year he passed away. I'd like to share just a few of my favorite quotes with you. "It always helps to have people we love beside us when we have to do difficult things in life." "The gifts we treasure most over the years are often small and simple. In easy times and in tough times, what seems to matter most is the way we show those nearest us that we've been listening to their needs, to their joys, and to their challenges." "The real issue in life is not how many blessings we have, but what we do with our blessings. Some people have many blessings and hoard them. Some have few and give everything away." "In times of stress, the best thing we can do for each other is to listen with our ears and our hearts, and be assured that our questions are just as important as our answers." " Love isn't a state of perfect caring. It is an active noun like struggle." "Part of the problem with the word 'disabilities' is that it immediately suggests an inability to see or hear or walk or do other things that many of us take for granted. But what of people who can't feel? Or talk about their feelings? Or manage their feelings in constructive ways? What of people who aren't able to form close and strong relationships? And people who cannot find fulfillment in their lives, or those who have lost hope, who live in disappointment and bitterness and find in life no joy, no love? These, it seems to me, are the real disabilities." "The older I get, the more I seem to be able to appreciate my 'neighbor' (whomever I happen to be with at the moment). Oh, sure, I've always tried to love my neighbor as myself; however, the more experiences I've had, the more chances I've had to see the uniqueness of each person...as well as each tree, and plant, and shell, and cloud...the more I find myself delighting every day in the lavish gifts of God, whom I've come to believe is the greatest appreciator of all." "The more I think about it, the more I wonder if God and neighbor are somehow One. 'Loving God, Loving neighbor' - the same thing? For me, coming to recognize that God loves every neighbor is the ultimate appreciation!"  * * * If you didn't know, in 1963, Mr. Rogers was ordained as a Presbyterian minister, and he said he saw his show as an extension of his calling. He explains: "When I was ordained, it was for a special ministry, that of serving children and families through television. I consider that what I do through Mister Rogers' Neighborhood is my ministry. A ministry doesn't have to be only through a church, or even through an ordination. And I think we all can minister to others in this world by being compassionate and caring. I hope you will feel good enough about yourselves that you will want to minister to others, and that you will find your own unique ways to do that." * * * Mister Rogers visiting children at Memorial Home for Crippled Children in Pittsburgh, PA in 1978 - photo by Jim Judkis for People magazine From everything I've ever seen or heard about him, Mr. Rogers was a man who genuinely cared about people and wanted us to genuinely care for one another. He was, in many ways, an embodiment of the spirit of the Gospel, even though I don't remember hearing him talk about Jesus on TV one time. I don't know if that was his choice or if it was forced by someone else, but I am blessed to remember the way Mr. Rogers lived out his faith by reaching out to as many people as he could. Today, I still hear a little bit of Mr. Rogers in my head whenever I hear the VeggieTales characters sing "Love Your Neighbor" or conclude a program by saying, "Remember, God made you special, and he loves you very much!" May we each find our own route to ministry, and may we reach out with that same spirit of love today, as we share the invitation with everyone we meet... Please, won't you be... my neighbor? Posted by Kyle Vanover at 8:00 AM Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Pinterest Labels: Are You My Neighbor?, children with disabilities, Fred Rogers, God's love, love your neighbor, Mister Rogers' Neighborhood, Neighborhood of Make-Believe, VeggieTales, World According to Mister Rogers No comments: Post a Comment Newer Post Older Post Home Subscribe to: Post Comments (Atom) Follow by Email Share Uptweet Subscribe To Posts Atom Posts Comments Atom Comments Blog Archive ►  2014 (1) ►  February (1) ▼  2013 (27) ►  December (1) ►  October (2) ►  September (1) ►  August (2) ►  July (1) ►  June (2) ►  April (3) ►  March (3) ▼  February (4) Mr. Rogers' Neighborhood God's Valentine Unexpected Crosses Snowflakes ►  January (8) Popular Posts God's Sense of Humor The Bible talks about God laughing at the plans of the wicked. I wonder what his laughter sounds like! I also wonder what other things make ... The Eagle in the Clouds Recently I mentioned the importance of looking for beauty in the world around you. I also mentioned a while back that - according to the d... Mr. Rogers' Neighborhood "It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood A beautiful day for a neighbor... Would you be mine?" For years as a kid, I reme... Unity of Believers Sometimes it can be discouraging to be at a small church. You wonder why it doesn't grow. You wonder if what you're doing is making ... Middletown, Mayberry and Memories It's funny what things stick with you and what things don't. Every year, about this time, my mind takes me back to a simpler time.... About Me Kyle Vanover Hometown: Ashland, KY. Graduated from Asbury College in 2003 and has been happily married since 2005. Kyle is currently serving as pastor of Cyrus Chapel UMC in Catlettsburg, KY, and also works in Christian radio. View my complete profile On My Other Blog Truth Without Excuse Cancer Sucks, and Life Is Not Fair - I think we can all agree to that much. I think we can also agree that dealing with the painful things in life is not always easy. For that reason, I think ... 2 weeks ago Unless noted, all Scripture quotations are from the New Revised Standard Version of the Bible, © 1989 by the Division of Christian Education of the National Council of the Churches of Christ in the United States of America. Used by permission. All rights reserved. Kyle Vanover is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com. © 2013 by Kyle Vanover. Picture Window template. Template images by zbindere. Powered by Blogger.
