http://www.hollywoodreporter.com/thr-esq/lindsay-lohan-loses-lawsuit-pitbull-423228
The Hollywood Reporter Movies News Reviews Box Office Trailers Cannes Oscars The Race Heat Vision Indie Film Showtimes In Theaters Coming Soon TV Emmys Reviews Bastard Machine Live Feed Ratings Clips Music Charts Concert Reviews Music Festivals Earshot Tech Behind The Screen NAB Show 3D SMPTE E3 Conference SXSW SIGGRAPH D23 The Business International Labor Politics Asia Hollywood, Esq Style News Beauty People Shopping Podcasts Culture Travel Dining Auto Books Theater Real Estate Awards Oscars Emmys Tonys Calendar The Race Cannes Video Trailers Hot Videos Roundtables Cover Shoots Inside Indie TV Clips THR Exceptions   Subscribe Newsletters           Subscribe Newsletters Daily PDF Log out Log in Follow @THR The Hollywood Reporter on LinkedIn The Hollywood Reporter Movies News Reviews Box Office Trailers Cannes Oscars The Race Heat Vision Indie Film Showtimes In Theaters Coming Soon TV Emmys Reviews Bastard Machine Live Feed Ratings Clips Music Charts Concert Reviews Music Festivals Earshot Tech Behind The Screen NAB Show 3D SMPTE E3 Conference SXSW SIGGRAPH D23 The Business International Labor Politics Asia Hollywood, Esq Style News Beauty People Shopping Podcasts Culture Travel Dining Auto Books Theater Real Estate Awards Oscars Emmys Tonys Calendar The Race Cannes Video Trailers Hot Videos Roundtables Cover Shoots Inside Indie TV Clips THR Exceptions Subscribe to POWER LAWYERS POWER BUSINESS MANAGERS TOP ENTERTAINMENT LAW SCHOOLS FEB 21 1 years Lindsay Lohan Loses Lawsuit Against Pitbull Over Hit Song (Exclusive) 2:14 PM PST 2/21/2013 by Eriq Gardner 125 137 2 9 Email Print Comments The actress sued after getting mentioned in a rap song, but a judge says that the claim doesn't survive a First Amendment review. Plus, Lohan's lawyer gets sanctioned for plagiarism. Getty Images A judge has dropped the hammer on Lindsay Lohan's lawsuit against Pitbull. The troubled actress sued the hip hop star in 2011 over the song, ""Give Me Everything," which included the line, "So, I'm toptoein', to keep flowin', I got it locked up, like Lindsay Lohan." Lohan claimed the lyric was a violation of her publicity and publicity rights and caused her emotional distress. On Thursday, U.S. District Judge Denis Hurley dismiss the lawsuit on Thursday, ruling the song a protected work of art. Additionally, Lohan's lawyer is sanctioned for plagiarism in the lawsuit. Pitbull, whose real name is Armando Christian Perez, released the song on March 18, 2011. Lohan sued in November, saying that the song "includes an unwarranted, unauthorized, and unfavorable mention of [her] name and personality, and allusions to [her] physical and mental character." Judge Hurley responds that the publicity/privacy rights claim, based on a provision of New York Civil Rights law, doesn't apply to works of art, and that the First Amendment affords full protection. The judge also rejects Lohan's argument that the song was commercial rather than expressive in nature. "The fact that the Song was presumably created and distributed for the purpose of making a profit does not mean that plaintiff's name was used for 'advertising' or 'purposes of trade' within the meaning of the New York Civil Rights Law," writes the judge. The judge adds that even if the conclusion was the opposite, the "isolated nature of the use of her name" -- just one line in the song -- would "prove fatal" to her claims. Read the Full Ruling Here Lohan is at least lucky in one regard. Putbull's attorneys wanted to sanction the actress for filing a frivolous lawsuit. Judge Hurley doesn't think that's warranted because there hasn't really ever been much case law addressing the legality of the the use of a name of a public figure in a song. Without such precedent, Lohan couldn't be steered away from an ultimately doomed case. "The Court finds that plaintiff's claims are not so frivolous as to warrant the imposition of sanctions," says the judge. Lohan's lawyer Stephanie Ovadia isn't as lucky. As The Hollywood Reporter first reported, the plaintiff's court briefs were plagiarized from newspapers, law firms and other education websites. Ovadia didn't dispute the accusations of plagiarism, but her office attempted to pass off blame on an of counsel at the firm. Additionally, she attempted to convince the judge that an early draft had inadvertently been used and that an amended court brief had been attempted to have been substituted. But Judge Hurley says that a comparison between the draft and the amended version didn't "cure" the plagiarism and that Ovadia had made "undisputably false representation to the Court." She is sanctioned in the amount of $750 for "an affront to the Court," a small fine but one that also comes with the cost of her reputation, which the judge also notes. Pitbull, Sony Music and other defendants were represented in the case by Audrey Pumariega and Marcos Daniel Jiménez at McDermott Will & Emery E-mail: eriq.gardner@thr.com; Twitter: @eriqgardner Lindsay Lohan Pitbull 125 137 2 9 Email Print Comments Advertisement View the discussion thread. Advertisement See Chris Hardwick as Marty McFly From 'Back to the Future' Top Galleries Exclusive Portraits of Robert Griffin III, Ronda Rousey, Kareem Abdul-Jabbar (Photos)   MOBA: Inside the Biggest Sporting Event You've Never Heard Of (Photos)   'Girls,' Tatiana Maslany and 18 More of the Biggest Emmy Snubs (Photos)   Emmy Awards 2014: The Nominees (Photos)   Hollywood's Notable Deaths of 2014 (Photos) From the Galleries Billboard Music Awards 2014 Music's biggest stars are in Las Vegas. View gallery Exclusive Portraits of Pitbull The rapper scores hit after hit with his crossover appeal. View gallery Pitbull Through the Years The mogul transformed himself into an international rapper. View gallery Hollywood Stars Join Jimmy Fallon on Debut The new "Tonight Show" host was joined by a slew of A-list guests. View gallery See More Galleries Follow Esq. Follow @THREsq Advertisement Season 3 of 'Don't Be Tardy' Debuts Willem Dafoe: THE ART OF The Hero, The Villain, And Everyone In Between Kim Kardashian Tans In A Bikini Because She's Always On Vacation Eric Stonestreet Says His 'Modern Family' Character, Cam, Is A 'Bossy, Fussy Bottom' Quiz: Is This the Title of a Rom-Com, or a Common Cliché? Would You Like to Hear Some New Justin Bieber Music? It Is Absolutely Time to Reexamine Last Week’s Top 40 Singles Chart Kristen Bell Sounds Great As Mary Poppins in This Mary Poppins Parody Here Are Three Amazing GIFs From the 'Fifty Shades of Grey' Trailer Kristen Bell is a Hilarious Mary Poppins, Sings 'Spoonful of Sugar' Parody About Wages (Video) Marion Cotillard & Jared Leto Lend Their Support at Leonardo DiCaprio's Foundation Gala! Not Only is Zoe Saldana Pregnant, But She's Reportedly Expecting Twins! Advertisement What's Hot On The Hollywood Reporter Behind the Scenes of 'The Big Bang Theory' View gallery 'The Big Bang Theory's' Nerdiest Guest Stars View gallery Titans of Comic-Con: Stars Re-Create Classic Characters (Photos) View gallery 19 Sequels That Outgrossed the Original Movies (Photos) View gallery The Hollywood Reporter ©2014 The Hollywood Reporter. All rights reserved. Terms of Use   |   Privacy Policy About Us Subscribe Subscriber Services Back Issues FAQs Advertising Contact Us Entertainment News RSS Follow Us On Twitter Find Us On Facebook Watch Us On Youtube Our affiliate publications Billboard Ad Week Backstage Casting
http://abcnews.go.com/blogs/entertainment/2013/02/lindsay-lohan-suit-against-rapper-pitbull-is-dismissed/
ABC News Blogs > Entertainment > Celebrities Celebrities Headlines Politics Entertainment Health Lifestyle Business Technology Lindsay Lohan Suit Against Rapper Pitbull Is Dismissed   Email Smaller Font Text Larger Text | Print By Luchina Fisher @luchina Follow on Twitter Feb 22, 2013 11:47am Getty Images Lindsay Lohan was dealt another legal setback Thursday — this time in her 2011 lawsuit against Miami rapper Pitbull. A New York district court judge dismissed Lohan’s lawsuit against the rapper for dropping her name in the line of his hit song, “Give Me Everything.” According to The Hollywood Reporter, Judge Denis Hurley ruled that the song is a protected piece of art under the First Amendment. “Thus, the use of an individual’s name — even without his consent — is not prohibited by the New York Civil Rights Law if that use is part of work of art,” Hurley wrote in the ruling, obtained by THR. Check Out Lindsay Lohan’s Courtroom Dramas Lohan filed the suit in 2011, against Pitbull and fellow musicians Ne-Yo, and Afrojack over their 2011 song “Give Me Everything.” In the song, Pitbull raps the line, “Hustlers move aside, so I’m tip-toein’ to keep blowin’/ I got it locked up like Lindsay Lohan” Lohan claimed the song caused her emotional distress and violated her publicity rights for its “unwarranted, unauthorized, and unfavorable mention of [her] name and personality, and allusions to [her] physical and mental character.” But in his ruling Thursday, Hurley said even if the song weren’t protected by the First Amendment, the single mention of Lohan’s name would be “insufficient to meet the threshold for extreme and outrageous conduct necessary to sustain a claim for intentional infliction of emotional distress.” Read About Lindsay Lohan’s Ruined Dress The actress was not sanctioned by the judge for filing a frivolous lawsuit, after Pitbull’s attorney argued that she should be. But Lohan’s lawyer, Stephanie Ovadia, was sanctioned for plagiarism after it was reported that her court briefs had actually been copied from newspapers, law firms and other legal websites. Hurley fined Ovadia $750 for an “affront to the court.” SHOWS: Good Morning America   Email Smaller Font Text Larger Text | Print You are using an outdated version of Internet Explorer. Please click here to upgrade your browser in order to comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus About Celebrities Celebrity gossip, red carpet moments and the latest fashion trends. Categories Celebrities Fashion Movies Music Oscars Royals TV Top Posts Cynthia Nixon Shocked to Learn Her Ancestor Was an Axe Murderer Ellen DeGeneres Reveals Portia de Rossi to Guest Star on ‘Scandal’ Lana Del Rey Talks Sex, Drugs and Rock ‘n Roll NeNe Leakes Blasts Wendy Williams Over Handbag Peaches Geldof Died of Heroin Overdose, Coroner Rules You might also like Top Stories on ABC News Chicago Authorities Charge Man in Child's Death Ravens RB Rice Receives 2-Game Suspension From NFL Social Security's $300M IT Project Doesn't Work US Airlines to Resume Flights to Israel Police: Bomb Blast Kills 1 at Nigerian Bus Station Subscribe RSS Twitter Facebook
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-2282645/Lindsay-Lohans-lawsuit-rapper-Pitbull-checking-song-thrown-judge.html
  Home U.K. News Sports     U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists U.S. Showbiz Home U.K. Showbiz Headlines Arts A-Z Star Search Pictures Showbiz Boards Blogs Video TV Listings My Profile Logout Amazon Videos Feedback DailyMail " + now.format("dddd, MMM Do YYYY") + " show ad Pregnant woman in labor stopped from crossing the street to hospital for 30 minutes because Obama's motorcade was on its way to fundraiser Another plane falls from the skies: Algerian passenger jet that went missing over Mali with 116 people on board has crashed in Sahara desert - the third major plane disaster in just a week Disgraced Blue Angels commander made his team paint male genitalia so big it was visible on GOOGLE MAPS, Navy reports 'I'd rather pay a fine than apologize': Hot-headed Alec Baldwin told to 'be a good boy and stay out of trouble' by judge as his wrong-way bike case is adjourned Grandfather arrested for death of his toddler granddaughter who was left in a hot car for SIX HOURS after he forgot to drop her off at daycare Prep school student, 17, shot dead his mother then turned the gun on himself in 'parent-son suicide pact' Surgeons' shock after they remove 232 'TEETH' from Indian teenager's mouth Home of the 'Cocaine King': Haunting pictures of abandoned Caribbean villa reveal lavish lifestyle of drug lord Pablo Escobar Hillary 'claimed Bill was addicted to sex because he was abused by his mother', reporter alleges in explosive memoirs Snoop Dogg smoked weed in the WHITE HOUSE: Rapper admits he lit up while in the bathroom 'This man deserved it, and I shouldn't really call him a man': Relative of murder victims is pleased after killer spends TWO HOURS gasping for air before dying in botched execution Boy, 16, discovers he can compete against his father's GHOST in Xbox racing game they used to play before his dad's death 10 years ago The baby born on a prison floor to a mother in shackles is blessed by the Pope: Sudanese woman who was put on death row for marrying a Christian meets Francis after traveling to Rome Shocking new video shows ANOTHER NYPD officer choking a suspect after police commissioner ordered 'top to bottom' review of choke-hold policy following death of Staten Island father Two dead and dozens injured after tornado hits popular family campground in Virginia Father is charged with murdering his wife and daughter 19 years after their bodies were found shot in the head in separate states U.S. passport and visa database crashes due to an 'unspecified glitch' leaving MILLIONS of travelers stranded The wedding crashers: Invitation that went out to the wrong guests becomes internet hit after stranger responds to text with 'We still coming' That was a quick change! Shia LaBeouf suits up to face charges that he slapped actors' behinds at a Broadway show... but is back to his scruffy ways within an hour Do YOU re-touch before posting a selfie? 33% of people admit to erasing blemishes - and only 2% 'do nothing' Now men can have hair transplants using hair from their CHEST Extraordinary scenes in Taiwan as plane seats and fuselage are recovered from roofs of homes after it landed in middle of residential area killing 48 Is it safe to fly? As ANOTHER jet crashes, plane disaster fatalities soar 300% but experts reveal 2014 is still one of SAFEST years in aviation history Strangers raise $50,000 to keep student, 19, at Vanderbilt after her mother commits suicide and her dad loses his job Previous Next Lindsay Lohan's lawsuit against rapper Pitbull for name-checking her in a song is thrown out by judge By Daily Mail Reporter Published: 21:42 EST, 21 February 2013 | Updated: 00:38 EST, 22 February 2013 78 View comments Pitbull has seen Lindsay Lohan's lawsuit against him quashed in court. Lohan sued the rapper in 2011 for using her name in his hit song Give Me Everything when he used the line: 'I got it locked up like Lindsay Lohan.' Lohan claimed Pitbull never got permission to use her name and shouldn't profit from it's use. Enlarge   Defeated: Lindsay Lohan has had her lawsuit against rapper Pitbull thrown out of court; he used her name in the song and it's protected by the first amendment But on Thursday - according to TMZ -  a New York federal judge ruled that Lindsay wrong because the song is a work of art protected by the first. Lindsay was recently accused of ruining the $1,750 designer dress she borrowed for a glitzy New York gala earlier this month. The 26-year-old Liz & Dick star wore a floor-length gold and silver beaded gown by Theia Coture to an amfAR fundraiser on February 6. But a photo of the gown obtained by US Weekly appears to show the same gown cut into a mini dress before its return to the designer. Glittering: Lindsay Lohan arrived to the amfAR charity gala in New York City in the Theia Couture gown on February 6 A representative for Theia told MailOnline the designer has yet to receive the gown, two weeks after the event. 'The dress was loaned in good faith to Phillip Bloch, Lindsay Lohan’s stylist. We were informed by Mr. Bloch’s assistant that the dress was damaged during the course of the evening,' the spokesman said. 'The dress has not been returned, and it wasn’t until we saw the photos on in the media, that we became aware of the actual condition of the gown.' 'Further action has yet to be determined,' according to their statement. High price of fashion: The gown is estimated to be worth $1,750 A spokesman for celebrity stylist Phillip Bloch confirmed to MailOnline their office dressed the actress for the gala. They declined to comment further. US Weekly reports Lohan had ripped the gown partying at a nightclub after the AIDS fundraiser. Improvising, she is said to have turned to a 'stylist friend' who helped her find a temporary fix. 'She couldn't possibly wear it like that - so her stylist friend went to the club bouncer and requested some scissors to repair the torn part of the dress,' the insider said. 'She turned it into a mullet! Only a fashiony person would do that!' the source added. A representative for Lohan has not replied to MailOnline's request for comment. Before the 'rip': The 26-year-old actress is accused of sending the dress back in tatters after a friend cut it into a 'mullet' mini-dress Charlie Sheen reportedly set the actress up with Bloch after she turned down his offer to pay for half of the gown. The actors struck up a friendship while working on forthcoming comedy Scary Movie 5. Financial woes have wracked Lohan for several months and Sheen confirmed he came to the rescue, covering $100,000 over her $233,904 tax debt. Most recently, the Mean Girls actress reportedly moved into a friend's apartment in Manhattan after she was 'mortified' by rumours she had been staying at her mother's Long Island, New York home to save money, according to RadarOnline. The New York Post subsequently reported the home is in foreclosure. Chase Bank, who provided the  mortgage for the property, served Dina Lohan court papers intending to foreclose the home earlier this month, according to the newspaper. Share or comment on this article MOST WATCHED NEWS VIDEOS Previous 1 2 3 Next US Marines confront 'fake sergeant major' at funeral Sex on the beach. Moment couple are caught in the act Man films 'racist' shop workers following him around store Four live cobras appear to actively protect a sleeping baby Moment rebel finds gold ring while rifling through MH17... Video of alleged shoplifter at Wal-Mart goes viral Wave rage! Surfer rugby tackles a rival who kept 'cutting... Baby, meet Bambi: 6-month-old bonds with fawn Police use chokehold during East Harlem subway arrest Remote controlled car smashes into man at 100mph Incredible moment a whale lifts kayakers out of the water Carnage at the aftermath of the Taiwanese plane crash Search for doomed Algerian passenger jet carrying 116 people... Horrifying details of how student, 15, raped and murdered... Peaches' heroin overdose was 10 times bigger than the one... John Travolta can't stop former pilot bringing lawsuit so he... Botched execution leaves killer gasping for TWO HOURS before... Tears for the MH17 crash victims: Dutch royals and grieving... Indiana teen aiming to be the youngest pilot to fly the... Girl, 16, arrested for 'hiding her pregnancy from her... 'Tough love' family's grief as son dies in jail after father... Boy, 4, banned from local doughnut shop by owner after... Hillary Clinton 'claimed Bill was addicted to sex because he... Argentina refuses to allow sad polar bear Arturo to be moved... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● Comments (78) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated. The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today First pictures: Kelsey Grammer celebrates the arrival of his sixth child after wife Kayte gives birth to baby boy The couple already has one daughter together Cameron Diaz shows off her athletic figure in a mismatched bikini... as Benji Madden keeps covered up at Sardinia beauty spot Romance in Italy Doting mother Jenna Dewan-Tatum builds sandcastles with little Everly as they wear matching floral at beach in Vancouver Dad is Channing Tatum Dakota Johnson goes topless as she enjoys steamy kiss with Jamie Dornan in full trailer for highly anticipated 50 Shades Of Grey film Watch the trailer here 'It was not romantic': Dakota Johnson and Jamie Dornan talk about their AWKWARD Fifty Shades Of Grey sex scenes in new interview Trailer is released Shia LaBeouf appears in New York court to charges for 'yelling abuse and slapping actors' behinds during Broadway show' Star at Criminal Court 'My SoulCycle instructor always calls me out for being off beat!' Supermodel Karlie Kloss on spinning, diet and how she gets those rock-hard abs Jessica Szohr shares cryptic Instagram message after former flame Tommy Chiabra gets close to Selena Gomez in St Tropez Insinuating heartbreak? Princess Mary and Prince Frederik dazzle in the sunshine as the Danish royal family retires to the stunning surrounds of their summer palace Bruce Springsteen, 64, recreates his own James Bond moment as he flashes his impressive physique while emerging from the sea in Spain 'She's thrilled!' Zoe Saldana 'pregnant with twins' amid reports she plans to have a 'big family' with husband Marco Perego It's her first pregnancy Zac's shoes?: Michelle Rodriguez steps out in construction boots that look like Efron's... just days after he was spotted leaving her house Leonardo DiCaprio makes a passionate plea to save endangered species as his inaugural Foundation gala raises $25million All for a good cause BIG BANG SPOILER ALERT! Penny to chase the dollar! Leonard's girl next door will give up acting for steady 9-5 job in upcoming season  Played by Kaley Cuoco 'This could actually happen': Tara Reid warns about the real life threat of a Sharknado as she promotes the sequel Posed for a photo shoot 'I would pick the outfits - I got Chanel to send stuff': Mischa Barton claims designer clothing on The O.C. was all thanks to her high fashion connections 'A lawyer you can trust!' Breaking Bad spinoff Better Call Saul erects fake advertisement for law advice Spotted in New Mexico No wonder he can't keep his hands off her! Eddie Murphy's girlfriend Paige Butcher turns heads in skintight bandage dress at Hercules premiere Tough day on set? Bradley Cooper gets intense with girlfriend Suki Waterhouse after she visits him while filming Adam Jones Got a little heated  Tamara Ecclestone looks slimmer than ever as she shows off her incredible post-baby bikini body on vacation with daughter Sophia and her husband  Yolanda Foster's husband David reveals her ex Mohamed Hadid played cupid and set him up with the RHOBH star Crrent husband is music producer David Foster Bowling For Columbine filmmaker Michael Moore's divorce from wife of 22 years finalized after 'squabble over $50m fortune' Reached a settlement Well hello, Mrs Huebl: Newlywed Olivia Palermo shows off her impressive legs in tropical print shorts for a trek through New York City Natasha Oakley flaunts incredible figure in skimpy beachwear for photo shoot with French actor beau Martin Medus... then covers up for romantic stroll Cameron Diaz shows her athletic physique in a black monokini as she cosies up to boyfriend Benji Madden in Sardinia Couple have been cruising around Europe Lionel Messi's girlfriend Antonella Roccuzzo exposes her toned tum as they kick back on a yacht during family holiday in Capri Argentinian soccer star Sex And The City star Cynthia Nixon is shocked to find her ancestor murdered her abusive husband with an axe Stunning revelation 'Pray For Peace': Nicole Kidman and Keith Urban press their palms in devotion alongside Sunday Rose and Faith Margaret supporting Reba McEntire's anthem Revealed: How golden girl Zoe Saldana almost quit Hollywood after 'disrespectful' treatment on Pirates of the Caribbean set Disrespected on set  Back on? Kit Harington tries to go incognito with ex-girlfriend and former Game Of Thrones co-star Rose Leslie while at LA airport Stars from HBO series 'No business should ever have to turn away customers': Nathan Fielder reveals how liquor stores can sell alcohol to minors legally  SPONSORED 'He's done begging and is moving on': Robin Thicke 'insists marriage to Paula Patton is over' and 'an attorney is working on a settlement' Finally taken the hint Meet the lucky guy living the high life with Selena Gomez and Cara Delevingne (after schmoozing with Lindsay Lohan and Jessica Szohr) Veteran actor John Malkovich launches scathing attack on the Sydney Opera House, labeling its acoustics as 'hideous' Not a fan of the building  You're stealing one's thunder! The Queen struggles to watch the Commonwealth Games swimming from behind her lady-in-waiting's enormous hat  Red carpet goddess! Irina Shayk ensures all eyes are on her in a sheer skirt and plunging neckline at the Hercules premiere for her film debut 'You are GOLD!': Rita Ora turns heads as she matches shiny metallic dress with tinsel-inspired 'do to perform at Blue Balls Festival She's a golden girl Selena Gomez and new BFF Cara Delevingne light up Leonardo Dicaprio's Foundation gala in a slinky bronze dress and plunging monochrome suit Selena Gomez swaps her slinky goddess look for prom princess as she rocks two different dresses at the Leonardo Dicaprio Foundation Auction Short but sweet! LeAnn Rimes displays her legs in Daisy Dukes as it's revealed she and Eddie 'told his children about their affair' Appearance on Extra  Mamma mia! Kristin Cavallari looks amazing 11 weeks after giving birth as she reveals her slim frame in a cream knitted top and skirt Reality star in fine form  Chelsea Clinton celebrates her pregnancy with a gluten-free baby shower in upscale Westchester At Crabtree's Kittle House Working up a sweat! Former Spice Girl Geri Halliwell displays her toned legs in tiny shorts and neon pink trainers as enjoys a summer jog She loves to keep fit  Bikini-clad Kim Kardashian reveals baby North has taken 'her first steps' after completing a week of swimming lessons in Mexico Girls' night! Best friends Victoria Beckham and Tana Ramsay head out for a catch-up over dinner in Santa Monica She left David at home 'She's beautiful!' Glee star Mark Salling confirms relationship with Nickelodeon's Denyse Tontz and says he's 'looking forward to making magic' 'My bald head scared people!' Karen Gillan opens up on her dramatic Guardians Of The Galaxy look... but insists she has no regrets Busting the bank! Leah Remini offers to pay for sister's breast enlargement surgery for her birthday in It's All Relative trailer Generous moment Home sweet Holmes! Katie looks overjoyed to be back in New York as she arrives at JFK with Suri after filming in Los Angeles Flashed a warm smile  New lifestyle guru on the block Blake Lively dazzles in Gucci ad as she moves one step closer to stealing Gwyneth Paltrow's crown The Sweet Escape: Gwen Stefani, Gavin Rossdale and their three boys jet out of London after fleeting trip Thought to be heading home to Los Angeles No sibling style rivalry here! Kendall and Kylie Jenner coordinate in rocker chic ensembles as they jet to Dallas As they arrived at Los Angeles International Green, lean and lacy! Toni Garrn steals the show from famous beau Leonardo DiCaprio in a dazzling emerald gown as she arrives at his charity gala Ship ship hooray! Selena Gomez completes her 22nd birthday celebrations as she parties into the early hours with Cara Delevingne Night out in white satin! Salma Hayek cuts a stylish figure in silky white shirt and loose grey trousers for family dinner Joined by her family 'I only met her a couple of weeks ago!' Glee star Naya Rivera's new father-in-law on her surprise wedding to actor Ryan Dorsey She shocked fans too     'More in love today than ever!' The Duggar family shares intimate wedding day snaps for Jim Bob and Michelle's 30th anniversary Shared photo collage  Ivanka Trump ditches her perfect manicure to get her hands dirty with dad at ceremonial groundbreaking of a new luxury Washington D.C. hotel Planning a white wedding? Bride-to-be Lauren Conrad shows off her much lighter locks in new Instagram snap Shocked her fans A dazzling Dynasty: Cara Delevingne catches up with godmother Joan Collins at the Leonardo DiCaprio Foundation gala The ultimate mentor Snoop Dogg smoked weed in the White House: Rapper admits he lit up while in the bathroom Said he 'pretended it was a napkin' What a difference a day makes! Kim Cattrall ditches her scruffy ensemble for glam blue dress and leather jacket for TCA panel She arrived at LAX  German World Cup victor Mario Goetze enjoys a relaxing mud bath with model girlfriend Ann-Kathrin Brommel during pre-season break Into the blue! Eva Longoria's trim figure is hard to miss as she teams vibrant skinnies with metallic wedges and white blouse She's a style icon London calling! Lindsay Lohan looks ready for a night on the tiles as she heads out in an eye-catching little black dress Partying in the UK It's the Common-SELF Games! Now even the Queen is getting in on the act as she photobombs Australian hockey team's selfies (and #sheevensmiled) Racy-ing to the altar! Ashley Tisdale rocks a daring backless cut-out top and tiny denim hotpants as she prepares for her upcoming nuptials Michelle Dockery highlights her slender frame in a navy bodycon dress at Downton Abbey photocall with co-stars Laura Carmichael and Joanne Froggatt Is There Something I Should Know? Duran Duran sue Chicago-based fan club for $40,000, claiming they were not paid proceeds Elizabeth Berkley shows off her toned legs in tiny denim shorts and flip flops as she steps out for lunch with adorable son Sky Low-key day out First look at a gaunt Jake Gyllenhaal in the trailer for Nightcrawler... the movie that he lost 20lbs for Plays a desperate TV crime reporter She's a (crop) top model! Jourdan Dunn puts her lithe figure on display in form-fitting two piece as she leads celebrity arrivals at fashion launch Maggie Gyllenhaal is effortlessly elegant as she slips into a demure monochrome halter dress at The Honourable Woman premiere Red carpet style Doing the white thing! Daisy Lowe looks effortlessly chic in an elegant gown as she attends Leonardo DiCaprio Foundation gala With Cara Delevingne 'My husband coins our kitchen The Blakery!' Blake Lively on her enviable culinary skills - and living in domestic bliss with Ryan Reynolds Watch her video here 'She's beautiful': Justin Bieber gives glowing response when asked about on-off flame Selena Gomez When asked if Selena is 'still your friend' Selena Gomez and Cara Delevingne swap their bikinis for glamorous evening wear to attend Leonardo DiCaprio's gala in St. Tropez Daddy cool! Hollywood hunk Josh Duhamel plays hands-on father as her steps out with cherubic 11-month-old baby son Axl Proud baby daddy! Move over Zooey! Jessica Biel set to guest star in New Girl as 'the hottest scientist in the world' and be a rival to Deschanel's Jess She has signed on  'The whole thing is a miracle!' The Killing star Mireille Enos and husband Alan Ruck welcome baby boy Larkin Zouey Her second child  And then a Hero comes along: Mariah Carey wows in tight black dress at LA premiere of Hercules... and gets kissed on the cheek by Dwayne Johnson Ready for the road! Steve Irwin's daughter Bindi tops off her 16th birthday by getting her learner drivers license after celebrations at Australia Zoo What will Mr. Grey say? Dakota Johnson cuddles up next to rumored new beau Matthew Hitt while out in New York Participating in a bit of PDA in the city Cream of the crop! Padma Lakshmi stands out in an off-white blazer at The Honorable Woman screening in New York Beauty in monochrome   'Be honest. Be kind. Don't look down on anyone': Jenna Bush Hager reveals the lessons she's learned from her grandfather George H.W. Bush She knows how to party! Mira Sorvino throws a New York fundraiser bash to help Cancerland pal Champagne Joy pay medical bills Ariana Grande's brother Frankie is devastated after learning of grandfather's death on Big Brother... but he will NOT be leaving the game Not exactly date night! Gwen Stefani wears a floral jumpsuit for dinner with husband Gavin Rossdale AND baby son Apollo The singer kept it chic  That's one way to get noticed! Kate Beckinsale flashes a neon bra underneath a grey vest top while shopping in LA Bright yellow undergarment  Lily Allen turns up the heat in watermelon print hotpants in brand new video for Glastonbury-themed single As Long As I Got You Singer looked fruity Want to see Downton Abbey's flapper dresses up-close? Exhibition shows off TV's best costumes - even prison jumpsuits from Orange Is the New Black Who's laughing now? Weird Al Yankovic's new album becomes first comedy record in 50 years to top the Billboard charts  First No 1 of his career 'I'm a better mom after having a boob job': Young mother spends $8,500 boosting her post-pregnancy chest from 32AA to 32G Says it changed her life Vacation's over! Lea Michele strolls hand-in-hand with boyfriend Matthew Paetz in New York after romantic Italian holiday They're inseparable Prince Harry tops list of celebrities his native Brits most want to go on holiday with... while under 12s pick Rihanna and Harry Styles Celeb companions Perfect match! Make-up free Dakota Fanning and boyfriend Jamie Strachan coordinate in his and hers blue tartan for a Big Apple date Quality time: Richard Gere is joined by son Homer James Jigme as he receives special prize at the 44th annual Giffoni Film Festival Took his teen son to Italy 'Which one is the elephant?' Woman loses 84lbs after colleague jokes about her looking like jumbo animal in holiday snaps Anna Grainger is 52 'You're a miserable person!' Kim and Khloe Kardashian get into a katty fight as Kendall and Kylie go missing on holiday from hell On vacation in Thailand Move over Martha Stewart! Britney Spears does some DIY for round the home before heading off on a chic date night with boyfriend David Lucado Party animal! Jackass star Steve-O sends fans into a frenzy stripping off his shirt and partying with MTV stars Kate Peck and VJ Krit at the launch of new  series Vampire Diaries co-stars Joseph Morgan and Persia White marry in intimate beach wedding The couple, who have been dating since 2011 Gym buddies! Ashley Greene and Cara Santana show off their slender figures in tight workout gear in Los Angeles They both work hard  'For as long as I live, I'll never listen to it': Bindi Irwin slams cameraman who gave interview about her father Steve's final moments after he was killed by a stingray A giant jungle cake, animal costumes and The Veronicas: Bindi Irwin goes totally wild celebrating her 16th birthday at Australia Zoo Australia's sweetheart  Soccer star Bacary Sagna enjoys passionate PDA with bikini-clad girlfriend Ludivine as they cuddle up in the sea in Miami He scored off the pitch Chrissy Teigen looks even slimmer than usual in an optical illusion gown... as she debuts her new cropped haircut The supermodel was a vision in the black dress Girls' day out! Jessica Pare shares a tender hug with a friend after lunch while showing off her long legs in shorts Lunch with a close female friend Getting in shape for the wedding Ashley? Tisdale goes for a bike ride in a pair of short shorts which show off her toned legs Staying in tip top shape  Not the perfect match! Kate Hudson dons high heels with loose drawstring trousers and a sleeveless shirt as she steps out in NYC Spotted in Tribeca  The beach boy! Giorgio Armani soaks up the summer sun in a pair of skimpy white speedos during Spanish escape Armani is not covering up with age More retail therapy! Now Melanie Griffith takes son Alex out to buy pricey threads from designer John Varvatos  Amidst her recent divorce proceedings Don't mind us! Rose Byrne gets awkwardly photobombed by two co-stars at preview event for her Broadway debut Posing for the cameras Super sweet: Gisele Bundchen honors mom on her birthday with a flashback snap The photo caption read: 'Happy birthday to the best mom in the world' Trailer chic! Emmy Rossum steps out in another well put-together outfit as she takes a break on the set of Shameless The picture of cool  What a transformation! Charlize Theron is almost unrecognizable as first poster and stills for Mad Max: Fury Road are released Tongue-in-cheek tag line Bright spark Jessica Alba is effortlessly chic in an orange cardigan and a paint splattered blouse as she arrives at the office Hot summer wardrobe Hold on tight! Leighton Meester clings to her short floral dress on solo stroll around blustery New York Crime thriller God Only Knows A glimpse of royals to come? Graphic designer creates image of what Prince George will look like at 18 (and it looks like he'll be a real heart breaker) Girl overboard! Selena Gomez plummets feet first into the French Riviera before cuddling up to Cara Delevingne as she celebrates her 22nd birthday Ellen DeGeneres proudly announces wife Portia de Rossi has landed role in hit series Scandal Bragged about her wife via Twitter A Fast And Furious feast! Vin Diesel sports scruffy jeans at a posh London restaurant as Guardians Of The Galaxy promotion continues Man of refined tastes  Meet Mrs Dorsey! Naya Rivera celebrates by the pool after marrying new guy on SAME DATE of her original wedding to ex Big Sean In Los Cabos, Mexico Long-time couple Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie finally set to walk down the aisle... in upcoming movie By The Sea Fans are eagerly anticipating the marriage Another Piece of Me! Britney Spears launches her own range of 'sexy and comfortable' lingerie - and models the collection herself Expanding her brand Sleepy Spears! Britney wears a statement sweater proclaiming she is 'allergic to mornings' She wasn't bright-eyed and bushy-tailed FIRST LOOK: Gandalf and Bard The Bowman battle fire-breathing dragon in new poster and still for The Hobbit: Battle Of The Five Armies Peaches Geldof's baby son was left alone with her body for up to 17 HOURS after she died of heroin overdose in room littered with syringes, inquest hears Nice one dad! Judd Apatow's daughter Maude cast for guest spot on his HBO show Girls Judd is the producer of the TV hit 'Charlize was just mean': Tia Mowry calls out Oscar-winner Theron for her diva-like behaviour after a recent encounter left her with a bad taste in her mouth A fine bromance! Zac Efron and Robert Pattinson have a ball on a boys' night out at bowling alley They're both single Hollywood heart throbs 'This is not embarrassing at all!' Chris Pratt shows off his hair braiding skills during TV interview The 35-year-old was discussing fitness  Showing his soft side: Kate's brother James Middleton launches mobile marshmallow picture-printing business with help of reconditioned tricycle Thandie Newton shimmers in a plunging shirt dress as she attends Harvey Nichols launch of Bella Freud's new fragrance Night dedicated to Bella  'She's the perfect baby!' JWoww debuts first family photos of newborn daughter Meilani as she gushes over her new life as a mother She's pretty in print! Pippa Middleton gives her native Londoners a lesson in summer style as she goes for a sunny stroll in the capital Kate's sister in the UK Great Scots! Rod Stewart and Susan Boyle light up Glasgow at the Commonwealth Games opening ceremony Best of Scottish talent  The wife who's aborted two babies - because she's too selfish to share her husband: It's a shocking confession. But Rowena is utterly unrepentant Progresso 40 Delicious Flavors 100 calories or less. more     DON'T MISS High kicks on the high seas: Leonardo DiCaprio shows off his fighting prowess with some martial arts on his yacht The actor was on top of the world Christian Louboutin: 'Victoria Beckham gave a pair of my boots to Kate and she looked fantastic!' King of the red sole reveals that Duchess is a fan Queen arrives in Glasgow by royal train and receives rapturous applause ahead of her speech to declare the Commonwealth Games officially open 'I lost my favorite person': Ariana Grande breaks down during TV interview after announcing the death of her grandfather on Twitter 'I have slept with a lot of guys in the industry': Lana Del Rey admits there is an element of truth in her song F****d My Way Up To The Top On her new album Blue belle! Kooky Nicole Richie wears tutu and floral headdress to match her bright hair on hike with pals Nicole took her style to the next level  Sarah Vine Beauty Sleuth: Beat the heat with melt-proof make-up Even dry complexions require much less by way of miniaturization in this weather 'They wouldn't shut the f**k up!' Real Housewives' Aviva Drescher on throwing her fake leg at co-stars... and why she doesn't regret it AnnaLynne McCord slips on comfy slippers after running around on set in VERY high heels Platforms heels were never designed for high speed No body double here! Luke Wilson reveals his beach body at 42... eight years after calling in a lookalike for nude scene Ran across the beach in Los Angeles He certainly loves the ladies! Gerard Butler steps out with a mystery blonde as he parties in London He never seems to have a shortage of women  EXCLUSIVE: The sweet smell of success! Newlywed Cheryl Fernandez-Versini 'set to make $2 million this year' from debut fragrance StormFlower The love boat: Tennis player Rafael Nadal showers bikini-clad girlfriend Xisca Perello with kisses during their Spanish escape It was a love match Kylie Jenner dines out with her girl friends in Calabasas... while beau Jaden Smith hangs out with his pals just blocks away Stepped out with wet hair Dare to dream: Kate Moss reunites with close friend Stella McCartney for iconic designer's 'surreal' Winter 2014 advertising campaign Having a wheel good time! Gwen Stefani takes her brood of boys for a day out in London with their scooters in tow Kids were on wheels Heart of class! Ageless Debbie Harry, 69, looks ravishing in casual red two-piece as she arrives at Miami International Airport Still has her stylish edge Cringeworthy! Rachel McAdams is mortified as she watches her decade old audition tape for the Notebook Catapulted her from teen star to dramatic actress Justin Bieber takes a ride at Disneyland... in a wheelchair (after 'injuring his knee' during basketball game) The singer was seen out and about in LA Linda Kozlowski 'to receive $5.7million and joint custody of son' as divorce from Crocodile Dundee co-star Paul Hogan is finalized Met in the 1986 movie  Oh no they didn't! Lauren Conrad blasts Allure magazine on Twitter for calling her a 'basic b****'  The fashion designer called them out   Lisa Rinna shows off her slender legs in a plunging LBD and killer heels as she films scenes for Real Housewives of Beverly Hills 'Our special day was fated': Glee star Naya Rivera shocks fans as she weds Ryan Dorsey after whirlwind romance Three months after she split from Big Sean You don't Run This Town tonight! Rihanna pouts as she's ordered to go through security check while rushing for flight at LAX She's a busy jet setter Summer Nights! Cara Delevingne channels Sandy from Grease in skintight black leggings as she parties with birthday girl Selena Gomez in St. Tropez So long, New York! Miranda Kerr jets out in a knitted crop-top after spending time in the same city as rumoured love interest, billionaire James Packer 'I can't believe I have 6 kids!': Kim Zolciak shares latest pictures of her growing brood Took to Instagram to share new snaps of the Biermann bunch Rory McIlroy unveils new lover during lunch date to celebrate Open victory just two months after calling off engagement Nothern Irish girl Angie Harmon takes out a long-term protective order for her family against homeless woman... but leaves out ex-NFL star husband Jason Sehorn 'You are the lowest of the low!' NeNe Leakes tells Wendy Williams to 'BE SCARED' in new feud over Hermès Birkin handbag It was a war of words Embracing her wild side! Kylie Jenner goes biker chic for a ride on a trike motorcycle before posing with a female pal Posing with her pal Anastasia Karanikolaou John Travolta can't stop former pilot bringing lawsuit so he can reveal secrets of his time working for the star, judge rules Appeals court ruling 'I miss you guys': Kris Jenner posts racy flashback photo of herself posing with Kim, Khloe and Kourtney Kardashian Risqué pool picture When is the right time to say 'I love you'? Too early and you look desperate, too late and you miss the magic...(maybe Cheryl should have held off) Sherri Shepherd will 'retain custody' of her nine-year-old son as ex-husband Jeffrey Tarpley loses court battle Nine-year-old Jeffrey Jr. 'I must have done something really good in my life': Reality star Caprice shows the birth of her two sons on Ladies Of London reality show Former UK X Factor judge Tulisa's PA says he is 'very sorry' for claiming that Simon Cowell is gay, explaining he only did so because he was 'so drunk' So that's how she gets those legs! Kelly Bensimon, 46, shows off her impressively toned pins on a bike ride in New York Real Housewife of NY A Rock solid duo! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson teams up with Jimmy Fallon for a fitness skit on The Tonight Show Men were pumping iron 'Hammer Time!' Vanessa Lachey dons extra baggy maternity wear in Instagram snap that she calls 'pretty comfortable' Comfort comes first Queen of the selfies! A 'very friendly' Letizia of Spain poses for Twitter pic with fans on cinema date with King Felipe Saw Dawn of the Planet of the Apes All good things must come to and end: Victoria Silvstedt and Hofit Golan celebrate the last day of their Greek getaway Model was on vacation Someone didn't get the dress code! Rachel McAdams and Robin Wright opt for VERY different ensembles at their new premiere Multi-colored prints Flying high! Liv Tyler and Dakota Johnson share a friendly hug as they arrive at JFK airport for work commitments They both looked effortlessly stylish Looking scent-sational! Cheryl Fernandez-Versini wears bridal inspired gown as she celebrates the launch of her debut fragrance Launch party in London Kim Kardashian's ex Ray J accused of grabbing woman's breast as 'new evidence' emerges in sexual battery case He's facing ten counts Cheers! Kim Kardashian shares a snap of herself toasting with gal pals as she continues to enjoy a getaway in Mexico Drinks with the girls Alfie knows what it's all about! Michael Caine, 81, enjoys a night out with wife Shakira at London's hip Chiltern Firehouse Caine is still on trend It's a royal knockout! A beaming Prince Charles 'squares up' to a Jamaican boxer as he tours the athletes village in Glasgow Royal was in Scotland Looking fly! Jennifer Hudson rocks an edgier vibe at the airport as she pairs a daringly-cut loose vest with grunge boots Touched down at LAX  Hilary Duff showcases her gym-honed figure in skintight ripped jeans as she lets off steam with a spot of retail therapy and trip to the nail salon Getting the right results Where are the ladies, Leo? DiCaprio boards a yacht on the French Riviera for his summer holiday... with no females in sight Will Toni Garrn join him? 'She's a superstar!' Lupita Nyong'o shines bright in a yellow couture gown on the cover of ELLE France She's one bird that can pull off canary Amber Rose showcases her showstopping curves in tight workout leggings and a neon vest as she steps out for an iced coffee Va va voom! Newlywed and Victoria's Secret Angel Lindsay Ellingson steals the show at A Most Wanted Man premiere Most Wanted Woman Leather in this weather? Jessie J sports a pair of patent dungarees while battling the sun in oversized shades The star was in London Nicole Scherzinger attends Lady Gaga's concert  and shows off her sculpted stomach in a crop-top and high waisted skirt Night out in Los Angeles Easy rider! One Direction's Harry Styles goes into biker mode as he zips through the streets of Los Angeles on his trusty chopper Favors two wheels  Turning up the Miami Heat! Katy Perry, Rihanna and Beyonce's swimwear favorite We Are Handsome raise the bikini bar showcasing line at Fashion week 'I'm one of the few people who had a really good first time': Daniel Radcliffe claims he's getting 'better' at sex and prefers to remain 'sober' Not quite Sex And The City! Kim Cattrall is a far cry from her glam alter ego Samantha as she arrives at LAX in scruffy plaid jacket and jeans Dressed down star Working on something, girl? Melanie Griffith wears a low cut dress for lunch meeting with Bob Saget after hunting for magazines in LA Melanie is moving on  Dame Helen Mirren's 12-minute secret to staying fit at 68: Actress reveals she follows simple 1950s exercise plan designed for Royal Canadian Air Force staff Josh Hutcherson and Jena Malone sport elaborate white ensembles in new motion posters for first Hunger Games: Mockingjay movie Having some difficulty there? Ryan Good struggles to fit a GIANT plant into the boot of his car at the hardware store with on-off girlfriend Ashley Benson Keeping it casual! Cat Deeley puts on a leggy display in a relaxed white dress and khaki jacket as she leaves the salon Flashing her toned pins 'Now kiss my shoe!' Jessica Chastain seduces Colin Farrell in sultry new trailer for period drama Miss Julie It's a sexually charged power struggle 'I'm always speaking to her': Mitch Winehouse reveals he talks to his late daughter Amy from beyond the grave Three years to the day since Amy's tragic death Look At Me: Geri Halliwell attracts passing glances as she steps out in thigh skimming shorts She was happy to court attention  Beauty in blue! Anne Hathaway displays her slender figure in a long feminine dress and faded denim vest outside a New York City hotel Dakota Johnson highlights her long legs in skintight trousers with denim jacket as she grabs lunch with a friend Mom is Melanie Griffith  Juno Temple slips into low-key shorts and a striped tee as she enjoys some quality time with her lookalike mother on a rare break from filming Green and clean: Make-up free British model Kelly Brook strolls the streets in a grey marl top and ripped jeans as she sips on healthy drink 'Another point for the decency in people': Mark Ruffalo loses wallet in Chicago but stranger who finds it returns it via Twitter Power of social media Going their separate ways for good? Robin Thicke and estranged wife Paula Patton put Hollywood Hills mansion on market for $3m Could really be the end Putting on a brave face: Glammed-up Teresa Giudice seems in high spirits at a party despite looming court sentencing hearing Hammed it up at a party  Olivia Palermo collaborates with Aquazzura on a capsule shoe collection (but with prices starting at $600, you'll need a designer budget to buy them) Lady Mary let loose! Michelle Dockery shows off her legs in a colorful skirt alongside her Downton Abbey co-stars Displayed her long legs and toned arms Kate Hudson changes into a plunging neckline and goes without a bra for Late Night With Seth Meyers Her promo outfits are getting more risqué 'Enjoying the sunset with baby': Barefaced pregnant model Doutzen Kroes shares selfie showing off her blossoming bump in green vest Birthday boy! Daniel Radcliffe celebrates turning 25 on Canadian chat show and opens up on friendship and romance Grown up fast on screen In full bloom! Pregnant Alyssa Milano dons lacy red floral top and slinky leather look leggings as she promotes her new graphic novel Working while pregnant 'It wasn't my fault!' Paris Hilton poses with her pet chihuahua on Extra... after admitting her infamous sex tape was 'devastating' Summer chic look Emmy Rossum highlights her shapely legs in skintight jeans and smartens up with a blue blazer for a day out  Strode along in pale blue alligator skin heels Royals arrive for Prince George's birthday party! The Queen joins Harry, Zara, Sophie and Kate at Kensington Palace (and Granny Middleton is there too) 'I have a boyfriend jean but I don't have the first part': Victoria's Secret model Shanina Shaik reveals she is single after romance with footballer Julian Posey Bisexual Ireland Baldwin rolls around in the hay with Gigi Hadid and passionately kisses stable boy for raunchy fashion campaign Split from Angel Haze Dr Drew's daughter Paulina Pinsky accuses Bethenny Frankel of 'exploiting those with mental illness' by posing in THAT pajama selfie Launched into debate EXCLUSIVE: Marvel writers say Thor's Chris Hemsworth won't be replaced by a woman as he makes top five list of Hollywood's highest paid actors Dylan Penn, pizza delivery girl? Up-and-coming model reveals  her low-pay part-time jobs after parents Sean Penn and Robin Wright cut her off financially A trip down memory lane! Kate Hudson recreates her Almost Famous days wearing vintage mirrored glasses to radio show Film was 14 years ago Jay Z and Beyoncé shrug off split rumors with romantic lunch date during day off in New Orleans before being joined by sister Solange for dinner Beyoncé dons pink jumpsuit while Jay Z cradles daughter Blue Ivy as they step out in New Orleans... amid rumors of imminent marriage split There she blows! Lara Bingle is windswept as she and actor beau Sam Worthington insist on wearing gold bands on ring fingers to exercise session Tori Spelling looks happier than she has in months and displays a healthier figure in flattering blue patterned bikini as her marriage gets back on track Selena Gomez shows off her toned physique in a bikini as she frolics on yacht with Cara Delevingne on her 22nd birthday in St. Tropez In the South of France What a waist! Mother-of-one model Miranda Kerr flaunts her tiny figure in a midriff-baring top while running errands in New York City Enviable physique Billionaire James Packer wears baggy tracksuit leaving New York hotel as he spends time in the same city as rumored love interest Miranda Kerr 'Unbothered and staying prayed up': Former Destiny's Child star Farrah Franklin takes to Twitter to react to disorderly conduct arrest Make-up free Jamie-Lynn Sigler shows off her glowing complexion and svelte shape in a sporty outfit as she takes baby Beau for a stroll 'I made it out of high school alive and well!' Madonna's fashion conscious daughter Lourdes Leon blogs about her graduation The end of a chapter White is the new orange! Taylor Schilling shuns color again in a simple but chic pale look Single-handedly proving there is no need for orange, or any color Make-up free Alessandra Ambrosio highlights her willowy figure in a black jumpsuit as she runs errands in New York A real natural beauty An eye for color! Kesha flashes her hand tattoo and flaunts new hair shade while catching a flight in Los Angeles In a colorful mood in new hairdo and floral frock D'oh! The Simpsons to make TV history by airing all 522 episodes in chronological order (plus the movie) on FXX Biggest marathon in television history Showing her what she's missing! Justin Bieber posts topless poolside snap... after Selena Gomez is seen with shirtless mystery man in St. Tropez Bad influence or partner-in-crime? Football bad boy Johnny Manziel's new girlfriend is Texan socialite who also likes to party Summer of partying  'Selena is 22!' Taylor Swift wishes Gomez happy birthday on Instagram... after the two had a 'falling out' Singer dangled a large 'S' medallion Washing that man right out of your hair? Solo Michelle Rodriguez steps out without Zac Efron wearing a SpongeBob beanie before getting new look All women should adopt the Fifties lifestyle to save their marriages: Woman, 49, who lives like it's 1950 claims cooking, and cleaning makes her a better wife 'I'm going to look like actor Tom Hardy': Overweight and unemployed student plans to use $212,000 he won on game show to transform his image 'Watching Prince George take his first steps was like watching our own child learn to walk': FEMAIL catches up with Prince George's birthday buddies  'Baby on board': Demi Moore's daughter Tallulah Willis, 20, sticks out her tummy and posts 'bump' snap (but we think she might be joking) Zac Efron leaves Michelle Rodriguez's house toting an overnight bag and with a vaporizer in his back pocket while she also carries one on movie set You look familiar! Kim Kardashian's ex Reggie Bush heads home from Ibiza honeymoon with lookalike wife Lilit Avagyan Kim's doppelganger Today's headlines Most Read Pregnant woman in labor was prevented from getting to hospital across the street for 30 minutes by President... Search for doomed Algerian passenger jet carrying 116 people focuses on 'vast strip' of Malian territory,... Disgraced Blue Angels commander made his team paint male genitalia so big it was visible on GOOGLE MAPS,... Hillary Clinton 'claimed Bill was addicted to sex because he was abused by his mother' after Lewinsky... Grandfather arrested for the death of his 20-month-old granddaughter who was left in a sweltering car for... Prep school student, 17, shot dead his mother then turned the gun on himself in 'parent-son suicide pact' Surgeons' shock after they remove 232 'TEETH' from Indian teenager's mouth Home to the 'Cocaine King': Haunting pictures of abandoned Caribbean villa reveal lavish lifestyle of drug... 'What if I decide to run?': Michele Bachmann says there's a 'chance' she could join the cadre of Republicans... Snoop Dogg smoked weed in the White House: Rapper admits he lit up while in the bathroom Botched execution leaves killer gasping for TWO HOURS before dying: Murderer who'd appealed over secret drug... How schizophrenia is shaped by our culture: Americans hear voices as threatening while Indians and Africans... The baby born on a prison floor to a mother in shackles is blessed by the Pope: Sudanese woman who was put... Shocking new video shows another NYPD officer choking a suspect after police commissioner ordered 'top to... Teen discovers he can compete against his father's GHOST in Xbox racing game they used to play before his... Two dead after possible tornado hits Virginia campground U.S. passport and visa database crashes due to an 'unspecified glitch' leaving millions of travelers... The wedding crashers: Invitation that went out to the wrong guests becomes internet hit after stranger... Shia LaBeouf appears in New York court to charges for 'yelling abuse and slapping actors' behinds during... Father charged with murdering his wife and daughter 19 years after their bodies were found shot in the head... Now men can have hair transplants using hair from their CHEST Extraordinary scenes in Taiwan as plane seats and fuselage are recovered from roofs of homes after it landed... Is it safe to fly? As ANOTHER jet crashes, plane disaster fatalities soar 300% but experts reveal 2014 is... Strangers raise $50,000 to keep student, 19, at Vanderbilt after her mother commits suicide and her dad... 'Be honest. Be kind. Don't look down on anyone': Jenna Bush Hager reveals the lessons she's learned from her... Chelsea Clinton celebrates her pregnancy with a gluten-free baby shower in upscale Westchester, New York Apple's iPhone 6 logo could LIGHT UP for notifications: Leaked images reveal aperture on handset's rear... Turn your smartphone into a CINEMA PROJECTOR: £16 cardboard box can beam mobile video onto any wall Horrifying details of how student, 15, raped and murdered teacher in school bathroom laid bare in court as... MORE HEADLINES Search for doomed Algerian passenger jet carrying 116 people focuses on 'vast strip' of Malian territory, says French foreign minister Horrifying details of how student, 15, raped and murdered teacher in school bathroom laid bare in court as his mother looks on Peaches' heroin overdose was 10 times bigger than the one that killed her mother Paula: Baby son was alone with the body for 17 hours, inquest is told John Travolta can't stop former pilot bringing lawsuit so he can reveal secrets of his time working for the star, judge rules Tears for the MH17 crash victims: Dutch royals and grieving relatives watch as first bodies arrive back in Holland in dignified ceremony that shames Russia Botched execution leaves killer gasping for TWO HOURS before dying: Murderer who'd appealed over secret drug cocktail smiled before 'disturbing' death that victims' families say he DESERVED 'Tough love' family's grief as son dies in jail after father refused to post bail to encourage 40-year-old to 'get his act together' Girl, 16, arrested for 'hiding her pregnancy from her parents and burying her newborn daughter's body in the backyard after botched home birth' Indiana teen aiming to be the youngest pilot to fly the globe in 30 days dies in crash over the Pacific - as crews search for his co-pilot father Boy, 4, banned from local doughnut shop by owner after mistakenly asking a customer if she has a baby in her belly Hillary Clinton 'claimed Bill was addicted to sex because he was abused by his mother' after Lewinsky scandal, claims reporter in explosive memoirs Don't point, always pick up trash (but don't bend down to do it), and never, ever break character: 10 secret rules of working in Disney's Magic Kingdoms Ouch! Woman impales herself on 5ft iron fence as she tries to escape from cemetery attacker Argentina refuses to allow sad polar bear Arturo to be moved to Winnipeg despite global outcry at plight of depressed animal Squatters refusing to leave apartment in Airbnb 'horror story' complain THEY are the ones being harassed Is he a fraud? U.S. marines confront 'fake sergeant major' after military funeral in Florida Teen who moved out of parents' home and sued them after they ordered her to stop seeing her boyfriend files domestic order against him The baby born on a prison floor to a mother in shackles is blessed by the Pope: Sudanese woman who was put on death row for marrying a Christian meets Francis after traveling to Rome ‘Our pain is intense and relentless. We live in a hell beyond hell’: Parents whose three children were travelling with their grandfather when MH17 was shot down tell of their agony The wedding crashers: Invitation that went out to the wrong guests becomes internet hit after stranger responds to text with 'We still coming' At least 42 dead and 11 injured after plane crashes during second landing attempt in stormy weather in Taiwan Female coder live-tweets overheard sexist remarks 'made by IBM execs' at lunch who refuse to hire young women because they 'get pregnant again and again and again' Florida fitness trainer and his girlfriend caught on camera having sex on the beach in front of children Moment hero cop and driver took down assault rifle-toting gunman after he went on a terrifying twenty minute rampage 551lb pharmacist 'too fat' for prison wants his house arrest sentence in pill mill ring bust reduced claiming he cannot leave home anyway 'My son saved his attacker's life': Father who pounded admitted child molester into a 'bloody puddle' claims son stopped him from stabbing admitted pedophile to death Did this boy have a premonition of the MH17 crash? Dutch child, 11, asked his mother 'what would happen to me if I died' the night before he was killed in tragedy Israeli football players attacked with flying kicks by pro-Palestinians who invade pitch during friendly match in Austria Unbe-leaf-able! The insect master of disguise that transform itself to look like a rotten dead leaf... but can you tell where it is? MOST READ IN DETAIL CARPOOL COOKING Quick & easy recipe ideas for the entire family more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Mobile Apps RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network Evening Standard This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Villa Holidays Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us Advertise with us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
http://www.tmz.com/2013/02/21/lindsay-lohan-pitbull-lawsuit-loses-give-me-everything/
'); } 0)document.getElementsByTagName("head")[0].appendChild(crtg_script);else if(document.getElementsByTagName("body").length>0)document.getElementsByTagName("body")[0].appendChild(crtg_script); Lindsay Lohan -- Gets Her ASS KICKED in Legal Fight with Pitbull | TMZ.com TMZ Our TV Shows Enter your Zip Code Got a Tip? Call TMZ at (888) 847-9869 or Click Here Celebs Videos Photos TMZ SPORTS TMZ TV Store TMZ TOURS HOLLYWOOD NEW YORK Sign In Register Robin Thicke -- My Marriage is Over 'Big Brother' -- Frankie Grande Gets the News His Grandpa Died NFL Star Victor Cruz -- SNEAK ATTACK MARRIAGE PROPOSAL ... Caught on Video Disney Star Orlando Brown -- Cops Say Audio Proves Actor Made Death Threats NFL Star Justin Blackmon ARRESTED FOR WEED ... Two Blunts 'Game of Thrones' Stars -- An Arrow Through the Chest Won't Kill Our Love Queen Elizabeth -- ROYAL PHOTOBOMB At Women's Field Hockey Tourney LeBron's Letter to Cleveland Read By Morgan Freeman ... Impersonator Home Lindsay Lohan -- Gets Her ASS KICKED in Legal Fight with Pitbull Lindsay Lohan Gets Her ASS KICKED in Legal Fight with Pitbull 2/21/2013 2:08 PM PST BY TMZ STAFF EXCLUSIVE Pitbull didn't just win his legal war with Lindsay Lohan ... he ANNIHILATED HER ... TMZ has learned. We broke the story ... Lohan sued the rapper in 2011 for using her name in his hit song "Give Me Everything" ... when he dropped the line, "I got it locked up like Lindsay Lohan." Lohan claimed Pitbull never got permission to use her name ... and therefore he had no right to profit off of it. But today a New York federal judge sided with Pitbull ... ruling that Lindsay is dead wrong on the law -- because the song is a work of art protected by the 1st amendment PLUS Lindsay's barely even mentioned in it. The judge also ruled ... Lindsay's allegations that she suffered emotional distress are also BS. The case has been dismissed. Dale.   See also Lindsay Lohan -- Not Banging DJ Julian Cavin Lindsay Lohan's Lawyer -- My Client's Uncontrollable Lindsay Lohan's Baby Brother -- Ready for His Close-Up [FIRST PHOTOS] Get TMZ Breaking News alerts to your inbox Yes! Also send me "In Case You Missed It..." Read our privacy policy > See More:  Lindsay Lohan ,  Pitbull ,  CELEBRITY JUSTICE ™ ,  5 More Exclusive ,  Celebrity Feuds ,  Music ,  You Might Want to Rethink ,  Foxnews Latino Hide these 892 Add to My Links 892 COMMENTS New Readers COMMENT SIGN UP AND COMMENT SIGN IN Name: E-mail: Please check your inbox ... your comment will not appear until you have confirmed your identity via email. MEMBER SIGN IN I'M NEW E-mail: Password: Your comments: When you enter your name and email address you'll be sent a link via email to confirm your comment. Please keep your comments relevant to this post. Email addresses are never displayed, but they are required to confirm your comments. To create a live link, simply type the URL (including http://) or email address and we will make the link live for you. You can put up to 3 URLs in your comments. Line breaks and paragraphs are automatically converted — no need to use <p> or <br /> tags. {{if PrevPage > 0}} << {{/if}} Page ${CurrentPage} of ${TotalPages} {{if !LastPage}} >> {{/if}} ${Commenter} {{tmpl(VoteInfo) "#contentVotesTemplate"}} {{html Comment}} ${CommentDate} ${VoteUpCount} ${VoteDownCount} Clear Vote | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 | 7 | Most Recent | Next 15 Comments 1. Kelsey     Is this really a surprise? 518 days ago Reply     11 Clear Vote 2 RESPONSES ▼ Loading Replies... 2. Lindsay Lohan Fan Forever     Awful rapper. Free Remy. 518 days ago Reply     1 19 Clear Vote 3 RESPONSES ▼ Loading Replies... 3. GJ     HOPE HE SUES HER FOR LAWYER FEES. 518 days ago Reply     18 Clear Vote 2 RESPONSES ▼ Loading Replies... 4. Jordan     I hope the Judge did the right thing and awarded Pitbull legal fees, and now hopefully their will be two more lawyers added to the list Lindsay can't afford to pay. 518 days ago Reply     18 1 Clear Vote 2 RESPONSES ▼ Loading Replies... 5. tdr9     Congrats pit bull 518 days ago Reply     14 2 Clear Vote 6. outsiderLookingIn     What a shame. Couldn't of happened to a nicer person. Good luck on your next law suit Lindsay. We are all pulling for you! 518 days ago Reply     12 3 Clear Vote 2 RESPONSES ▼ Loading Replies... 7. Jordan     Lets hope Lindsay gets sued for the $1700 loner dress she destroyed!!!!!!!! 518 days ago Reply     18 1 Clear Vote 5 RESPONSES ▼ Loading Replies... 8. Grandma Cracker     Love you PITBULL 518 days ago Reply     14 1 Clear Vote 9. Marilyn     How about her borrowing a designer long evening gown worth $1750. for a party as told in today's NY Post & returning it chopped in half as a hooker mini-dress? http://www.nypost.com/p/news/national/lo_cut_loaner_ruined_q8DsWghGXKiKh3XRJ3hqqL 518 days ago Reply     10 Clear Vote 1 RESPONSE ▼ Loading Replies... 10. LLsez     WOOT WOOT!!! 518 days ago Reply     8 1 Clear Vote 11. Jordan     Lindsay April 15 is coming very quick time to pay 2012 taxes!!!!! Does anyone have at least $900,000 to give to Lindsay to pay 2012 taxes. there will be over 1 million in taxes she will owe to the IRS that she can't pay. 518 days ago Reply     15 1 Clear Vote 12. me     She must be getting desperate for money. Go blow Charlie Sheen again ya ho. 518 days ago Reply     17 1 Clear Vote 1 RESPONSE ▼ Loading Replies... 13. LLsez     This week goes down as one of the most priceless in Blo History: "Lindsay Lohan voted third least sexy, hacks borrowed designer dress in half" "Lindsay Lohan Be Trippin! Wants HOW MUCH For Mr. Pink Promotional Gig?!" "LINDSAY LOHAN Gets Her ASS KICKED in Legal Fight with Pitbull" 518 days ago Reply     12 2 Clear Vote 14. Mumra the Ever Living     What "Brilliant" Lawyer told her she could possibly win that suit? It seems nearly every rap song mentions a person, place, or product. 518 days ago Reply     15 Clear Vote 1 RESPONSE ▼ Loading Replies... 15. LadyN     There was no way in hell that she would win this. Singers have used celeb's names in zillions of songs over the years without asking permission. Lindsay is delusional but what lawyer thought for even a second that this suit had any legal legs? 518 days ago Reply     9 1 Clear Vote | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 | 7 | Most Recent | Next 15 Comments Around The Web ZergNet A Few Things To Know About Ryan Seacrest's New Girlfriend Arianny Celeste Took A Bunch Of Butt Selfies At The Beach Jessica Simpson Posts Ridiculously Hot Swimsuit Photo Saga Robin & Paula: The Split 1 Robin Thicke My Marriage is Over 2 Paula Patton I'm NOT Taking Robin Back ... Yet 3 Robin/Paula Split Triggered By Antics with Miley 4 Robin Thicke I Haven't Given Up on Paula 5 Robin Thicke Desperate Flight to Canada To Save Marriage Continue Saga » TMZ ON TV WATCH FULL EPISODES Watch TMZ on TV: Enter your Zip Code TMZ TV CLIPS Lea Michele’s Bikini Vacation NOW We Wish Justin Bieber Stayed Shirtless VIEW ALL VIDEOS » TMZ LIVE! TMZ Live: Cara Delevingne -- Throws Bikini B-Day Bash for Selena Gomez HERE'S THE RUNDOWN Bieber's Neighbors Might Take the Law into Their Own Hands Ray J Gets the Book Thrown at Him by the D.A.  More Drama for Richard Pryor's Family  A Legendary Rapper Steps in Front of the Camera ... for Porn! Monday's TMZ Live: Selena Gomez -- 'Pray… 39 Friday's TMZ Live: Tim McGraw -- Slaps Fan… 4 Thursday's TMZ Live: 'Friends' Reunion --… 2 Also Available on iTunes View All CANCEL AND CLOSE VIEW PAST EPISODES » Find out when TMZ Live is on near you! TMZ Tour PHOTO GALLERY Amy Winehouse's Memorial Location View Gallery » Saga Got Busted with Bud 1 NFL Star Justin Blackmon ARRESTED FOR WEED ... Two Blunts 2 Trinidad James 'All Gold' Rapper Goes Green ... Arrested for Weed 3 Craig Robinson ARRESTED in Bahamas Weed & Ecstasy 4 Riff Raff BUSTED For Drugs 5 Joel Madden 86'd from Australian Hotel ... FOR WEED Continue Saga » Most Commented Posts Selena Gomez Pro-Humanity or Pro-Hamas? We Don't Know ... Does She? 7/19/2014 | 7:23 AM PDT Tim McGraw Bitch Slaps Woman During Concert (UPDATE: NEW VIDEO) 7/17/2014 | 4:04 PM PDT Sarah Palin Ticketed for Speeding -- 'I Wasn't Speeding I Was Qualifying' 7/22/2014 | 12:18 PM PDT Jason Biggs Taking Heat for Malaysia Crash Joke 7/17/2014 | 10:28 AM PDT Justin Bieber -- I Don't Do Lines ... Wheelchairs it at Disneyland 7/23/2014 | 7:15 AM PDT Around The Web Leo Does Karate On A Yacht. Don't Question It. Kim Kardashian Is All About Bikini Tanning Time Nicki Minaj's 'Anaconda' Cover Art Is Just As NSFW As You'd Imagine Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson & Irina Shayk Crush Into Hollywood with 'Hercules'… Game of Thrones' Kit Harington & Rose Leslie Keep Close at LAX 'Hunger Games: Mockingjay' Gets Awesome Comic-Con Poster Nicki Minaj Has A Butt, Not Sure If You Knew LeAnn Rimes & Eddie Cibrian Told His Kids About Their Affair Charisma Carpenter’s Naked MTO WORLD EXCLUSIVE: R&B Singer August Alsina SETTLES LAWSUIT . . . After Groupie… MTO EXCLUSIVE: Keyshia Cole’s Got A New Man . . . He’s A MULTI MILLIONAIRE . . .… Rapper Soulja Boy May Have Been Posting FAKE MONEY On Instagram . . . But His NEW… Woman Goes to Hospital in Severe Pain. You Might Too If You Left a Dildo Inside… 9 Keys to Hitting on Girls at the Gym Three Drunk, Naked Bros Break Into Burger Spot, Steal Some Patties Kim Kardashian's Risky Behavior Could Cost Her the One Thing She Loves Most Major 'Orange Is the New Black' Character Leaving the Show: NOOOOOOO Jenelle Evans and Baby Kaiser Take Their First Selfie Together (PHOTOS) Catherine Chen on “You’re The Worst” [SEE HER TONIGHT] ESPN ESPYS Awards 2014: The Breast(s) of the Red Carpet [PICS] Kate Upton Is Distracting Justin Verlander With A Hot Time In Mexico [PICS] Charisma Carpenter Topless Birthday Silent Nekkid Protest on Instagram In All Her… Irina Shayk White Panties Peek on the Set of Extra Cara Santana Is Leggy And Barefoot With Ashley Greene In West Hollywood Home Photos Videos Celebrity Directory TMZ Mobile Alerts Send a Hot Tip Contact Us Careers Privacy Policy Terms of Use - UPDATED AdChoices Advertising Inquiries Media Inquiries Hollywood Tours © 2014 EHM Productions, Inc. All rights reserved About TMZ.com HPMG NEWS SITEMAP
http://kisscasper.com/pitbull-starts-rap-beef-with-lil-wayne-using-harlem-shake-song/
Search Contact Us Sign In | Sign Up Home On-Air DJs Shows Aaron Traylor DJ Nyke Bristol Billy Bush Melissa Awesome Listen Listen Live Mobile Playlist Recently Played June 2014 Playlist Events Event Calendar Submit An Event KISS VIPs Artist of the Day KISS FM Prize Vault Contests Trade-Ins Surveys & Polls Trivia Games Join Now KISS VIP Support Jelli Take Control Of The Radio Weather Closings & Delays Intellicast Forecast DayWeather Blog Road Closures Highway Webcams Wyoming Ski Report Contact Us Help & Contact Info Send Feedback Advertise Career Opportunities Daily Newsletter Request A Song Submit a News Tip KISS VIP Support More Contests Local Experts Hometown Heroes Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Subscribe on YouTube Follow What’s Hot: Beartrap Summer Festival Cowboy Kickoff Concert & Pep Rally Crime Stoppers Closings & Delays Casper’s Choice Winners Weather Artist Of The Day Casper News Pitbull Starts Rap Beef With Lil Wayne Using Harlem Shake Song By DJ Nyke February 26, 2013 1:53 PM Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Getty Images Hip-Hop beefs are nothing new. Matter of fact, the “rap battle” helped catapult the genre into the masses worldwide in the 80′s. Not mention, it boosted the career of many a rap star (50 Cent, Game, Eminem, Jay-Z and Nas to name a few powerhouses). This latest beef started when Young Money Cash Money Billionaires (YMCMB) front man, Lil Wayne was escorted (see also: kicked out) of a February 10th, 2013 Heat vs Lakers game in Miami, for cheering on the Lakers (who lost said game). Tunechi later tweeted: So I’m @ da Heat game right, rootin 4 da Lakers kuz dats my team & would u believe they got police 2 make me leave?! Wow! F#€k da Heat   The last line of said tweet, did not sit well with Miami native Pitbull. Especially considering the fact that Weezy resides in Miami (making him a transplant, he’s originally from New Orleans), Mr. 305 fired off a response. Considering Pitbull is now known internationally because of the pop/party feel of his last 2 albums, ‘Planet Pit’ and ‘Global Warming’, many have forgotten his potency on the mic. He was quite the vicious spitter in his early days. This fact has been brought back to the light with the verbal attack he fired on Wayne with his latest freestyle recorded of Baauer’s Harlem Shake (yes… that song!!! Made famous by all the crazy videos currently burning up the net).   Tune is known to be a battle rapper himself at times. So this easily could prove to be an epic “Clash of the Titans” type of war of the words between these 2 Hip-Hop superstars. May the best man win!!!   Filed Under: baauer, Basketball, Battle rap, Harlem Shake, lil wayne, Miami, pitbull Category: Audio, Celebrity, Entertainment, Music News, Songs, Videos Share on Facebook Share on Twitter More Leave a comment Send to a friend! Print this page Pin it! Reddit This! Share on Tumblr! More from 104.7 KISS-FM ‘Pretty Little Liars’ Star Sasha Pieterse Shares a Truly Happy Moment – Share Yours For a Chance to Win $3,000! Andrew Zuber Arrested For Public Indecency And Public Intoxication Casper Crime Stoppers: Crime of the Week 7-23-14 Moscow Ballet Holds Auditions For Casper Dancers Best of the Web Leave a Comment Listen Live Meet the KISS Crew Aaron "Tallest DJ" Traylor Bristol DJ Nyke Melissa Awesome Ian Delap See All Staff 104.7 KISS-FM on Facebook The Latest from 104.7 KISS-FM YouTube Sensation Kawehi Does An Awesome Cover of MJ's 'The Way You Make Me Feel' [VIDEO] July 24, 2014 50 Random Wyoming Facts You May Or May Not Know July 24, 2014 Central Wyoming Rescue Mission's 15th Annual Golf Marathon Scheduled For August 21st July 24, 2014 'Pretty Little Liars' Star Sasha Pieterse Shares a Truly Happy Moment – Share Yours For a Chance to Win $3,000! July 23, 2014 Taylor Swift Offers Love Advice to a Fan on Instagram• Justin Bieber Teases 11 Brand-New Songs [LISTEN]• Ab-Soul Freestyles, Talks 'These Days...,' Twista and More for '16 Bars' [EXCLUSIVE VIDEO]• G-Eazy Freestyles, Talks 'These Things Happen' and More for ’16 Bars’ [EXCLUSIVE VIDEO] • Flame Off: Will Gay Superheroes Ever Make the Leap to Movies and TV?• 'Guardians of the Galaxy' Featurette: Getting to Know Gamora and Nebula• Five Worst Video Game Translations (5x5)• Five Dirtiest Video Games (5x5)• Luke Bryan Honoring Troops With Expenses-Paid Trip to See Him in Concert• Miranda Lambert's Pop-Up Pink Pistol Store in Nashville Is Closing• Beyonce’s Dress Size May Shock You 5 Stars Who Correctly Predicted Their Own Deaths See the Cast of 'Matilda' Then and Now Five Dirtiest Video Games Carrie Underwood Had This Strange Body Part Removed? POPCRUSH NETWORK EEO Advertise on 104.7 KISS-FM Terms VIP Terms FAQ Privacy Contact Townsquare Casper Business Listings Welcome back to 104.7 KISS FM It appears that you already have an account created within our VIP network of sites on . To keep your points and personal information safe, we need to verify that it's really you. To activate your account, please confirm your password. When you have confirmed your password, you will be able to log in through Facebook on both sites. Enter your password Forgot your password? YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your points, prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. Welcome back to 104.7 KISS FM It appears that you already have an account on this site associated with . To connect your existing account with your Facebook account, just click on the account activation button below. You will maintain your existing profile and VIP program points. After you do this, you will be able to always log in to http://kisscasper.com using your Facebook account. YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your points, prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. We're Almost There! Please fill out the information below to help us provide you a better experience. Zip Subscribe to Newsletter Continue and Activate Sign into 104.7 KISS FM User Name(Email) Password (Forgot your password?) Log In Register on 104.7 KISS FM quickly by logging in with your Facebook account. It's just as secure, and no password to remember! Not a Member? Sign Up Here Registration 104.7 KISS FM Registration Register on 104.7 KISS FM quickly by logging in with your Facebook account. It's just as secure, and no password to remember! 104.7 KISS-FM Song*Please enter a song name. Artist(Optional) Your Name*Please enter your name. Your Email(Optional) Submit Thank you for your request.
http://www.nydailynews.com/entertainment/music-arts/pitbull-lashes-lil-wayne-new-song-article-1.1273784
'+'\x3C/scr'+'ipt>'); })(); DAILY NEWS New York News Politics Sports Entertainment Opinion Living Autos Search Confidential Gossip TV Movies Music & Arts Events Near You Comics Games Entertainment Pics Blogs Pitbull takes a dig at Lil Wayne over Miami diss through new song ‘Welcome to Dade County’  The Cuban rapper took to the mic in the first lyrical response to Weezy’s disrespectful comments about the city of Miami and players for the NBA's Miami Heat. BY Zayda Rivera NEW YORK DAILY NEWS Tuesday, February 26, 2013, 12:48 PM A A A Mike Coppola/Getty Images For Di The rapper known as Pitbull (left, whose real name is Armando Pérez) took umbrage as perceived slights directed toward his hometown of Miami by fellow rapper Lil Wayne. New Orleans native Lil Wayne (real name: Dwayne Michael Carter Jr.) prompted the brouhaha by inveighing against the city of Miami and several Miami Heat players: LeBron James, Dwayne Wade and Chris Bosh. Pitbull is barking loudly at Lil Wayne for dissing his city. The rapper took to the airwaves Monday with "Welcome to Dade County,” his new song airing disapproval of Wayne’s recent comments about the city of Miami and NBA Heat players LeBron James, Dwayne Wade and Chris Bosh. “You talk Miami, if you talkin’ heat/Moral of the story: Don’t s--- where you eat,” the Miami native spits. Pitbull, 32, rhymes over Baauer’s “Harlem Shake” instrumental in response to Weezy’s recent rant during an All-Star Weekend performance in which he voiced his dismay over being kicked out of a Heat vs. Lakers game in Miami after cheering for Los Angeles. During the onstage tirade, Wayne claimed he slept with Bosh’s wife, Adrienne, and had the audience join him in a “F--- the Heat” chant. The 30-year-old New Orleans native, who has called Miami his home since Hurricane Katrina, apologized to James last week but refused to retract any of his other statements. “Only thing I do want to take back from saying that night, I said ‘F--- LeBron,’ I didn’t mean to say that because me and LeBron we are cool, and I’m really cool with his mom, and we have a real good relationship,” the “Work Hard Play Hard” rapper said during an interview on 99 Jamz. But the slanted apology didn’t suffice, and the Miami rap scene came back with a strong defense for their city. Veteran rappers Uncle Luke and Trick Daddy have both responded to Wayne’s diatribe. Luke wrote an open letter in the weekly newspaper Miami New Times titled “It’s Time Miami Stops Being Lil Wayne’s B--ch,” which held the city partially responsible for Weezy’s loose lips. “He has no respect for the city because people in Miami’s entertainment industry — from local radio DJs to South Beach nightclub promoters to the Heat’s front office — spread their legs for him and every out-of-town celebrity who rolls through town,” he said. Trick Daddy was unapologetic when he told 99 Jamz, “I don’t care who gets offended by what I say, I rep my city and I don’t want nobody disrespecting it. When they’re lease is up, they can leave.” Pitbull shut it down by being the first to dedicate a song to Wayne’s rhetoric. “I had to do this for my city dog, it’s something that I love so deeply,” the Cuban rapper added. “I am 305, Miami-Dade County. I bleed 305, Miami-Dade County.” Related Stories Lil Wayne says he slept with Chris Bosh's wife Chris Bosh's wife reacts to Lil Wayne's claim...sort of Rapper claims Lakers fandom got him ejected from Heat arena Emmett Till's family seeks apology from Lil Wayne "); jQuery.getScript("http://widgets.outbrain.com/outbrain.js"); OBR.extern.researchWidget(); console.log("GOOGLESURVEYDONE CALLED"); console.log("OBR.extern.researchWidget CALLED"); } Comments Post A Comment [ Discussion Guidelines] To Post Comments Sign In Most Popular Most Read Most Shared 1 'Fifty Shades of Grey' trailer debuts on 'Today' show 2 Ruling could pave way for Travolta's former pilot to tell-all 3 Kim Kardashian reveals North West took first steps 4 Jada Pinkett Smith talks about sexual assault after niece's drugging 5 Peaches Geldof died of heroin overdose: coroner 6 Lana Del Rey: I’ve 'slept with a lot of guys in the industry' 7 Robin Thicke, Paula Patton selling L.A. mansion 8 Selena Gomez's mystery man identified as Tommy Chiabra 9 ‘NCIS’ star hospitalized after severe allergic reaction to hair dye 10 Kathie Lee & Hoda: If you're 26, you should be having sex a few times a week 1 'Fifty Shades of Grey' trailer debuts on 'Today' show 2 'Downton Abbey' previews season five, reveals almost nothing 3 ‘NCIS’ star hospitalized after severe allergic reaction to hair dye 4 Ruling could pave way for Travolta's former pilot to tell-all 5 Lana Del Rey: I’ve 'slept with a lot of guys in the industry' 6 Kathie Lee & Hoda: If you're 26, you should be having sex a few times a week 7 Upcoming PBS bio of Ed Koch highlights his role in New Yorks rebirth 8 Chelsea Clinton feted at intimate baby shower in Chappaqua 9 Jada Pinkett Smith talks about sexual assault after niece's drugging 10 The Shakespeare in the Park ticket line has an economy of its own Editors' Picks Hilary Duff returns to music after seven-year break She's back! Hilary Duff has returned to music seven years after her last album. Elvis’ items to be auctioned at Graceland A library card signed by Elvis Presley in seventh grade is expected to be among the hottest items at an auction of the late singer's possessions at his Memphis mansion next month, Graceland officials said on Wednesday. Kelsey Grammer, wife welcome baby boy Dr. Crane got another visit from the stork. Actor Kelsey Grammer and wife Kayte welcomed a baby boy named Gabriel on Tuesday morning in Los Angeles, a rep for the couple said. Celebrity discovery stories Whether they were pumping gas at the gas station or getting into a fight at the post office, you'll never believe how some of your favorite stars got their start. Check out the best celebrity discovery stories ... ‘Star Wars: Episode VII’ to film on island off Irish coast: report The cast and crew of "Star Wars: Episode VII" will reportedly be showing up in force to a picturesque island off the coast of Ireland. PROMOTED STORIES Editors' Picks Leonardo DiCaprio Foundation launches in Saint Tropez A-listers glammed up to celebrate the launch of the actor's environmental charity. Venice Film Festival lineup announced Mexican director Alejandro Inarritu opens this year's Venice film festival with the premier of "Birdman", a black comedy that heads a 55-strong selection leaning heavily toward war and recession, festival director Alberto Barbera said on Thursday. Bill Murray surprises guests at 'Bill Murray Ice Cream Social' I scream, you scream, we all scream for ice cream, including Bill Murray. 'Magic in the Moonlight': Movie review Sometimes all you need is a little movie-star trickery to make a film worthwhile. Case in point: “Magic in the Moonlight.” Woody Allen’s newest film is a slight bauble of a comedy, filled with a few too many blubbery monologues and not enough actual laughs. 'Lucy': Movie review French action director Luc Besson has never been the most subtle of filmmakers. But Besson’s work (“La Femme Nikita,” “The Fifth Element”) achieves new levels of absurdity with “Lucy,” a brazenly mindless thriller about the infinite capacities of the human brain. Alec Baldwin banters with judge in wrong-way bike case Bad boy bicyclist Alec Baldwin could get a walk. The hot-headed “30 Rock” star went home Thursday with a chance to clear his record. Duran Duran sues own fan club over profits Duran Duran’s relationship with its own fan club has come undone. Selena Gomez shoves photographer’s camera Has Cara Delevingne brought out the bad girl in Selena Gomez? The new besties are celebrating the now 22-year-old singer's birthday in Saint Tropez and have obviously stirred up a lot of attention. Best celebrity photobombs Ever get that feeling someone's lurking behind you? Check out which celebrities have fallen victim to a hilarious photobomb ... George R.R. Martin pens touching letter to teen fan "Game of Thrones" author George R.R. Martin showed he could pen an emotionally uplifting prose as well as he can write a good, grisly death scene. Shia LaBeouf nearing plea deal for 'Cabaret' outburst "Transformers" leading man Shia LaBeouf may be nearing a plea deal in his bizarre Broadway meltdown case. Michael Moore’s divorce finalized after two-decade-long marriage Filmmaker Michael Moore's divorce from Kathleen Glynn has been finalized, ending their two-decade-long marriage. 'Fifty Shades of Grey' trailer debuts on 'Today' show The trailer for the highly anticipated movie made its debut on the 'Today Show' Thursday, but parts of it were left out of the broadcast premiere for being too hot for television. Instead the entire tantalizing trailer debuted online. Jessica Biel to guest star on ‘New Girl’: report Jessica Biel is returning to TV! Justin Timberlake's wife is set to guest star on an upcoming Season 4 episode of FOX's "New Girl," according to The Hollywood Reporter. Joseph Morgan, Persia White wed in Jamaica Their supernatural species may have been enemies on "The Vampire Diaries," but in real life Joseph Morgan and Persia White are happily married. Editor's Picks Israeli fire hits compound housing U.N. school in Gaza Israeli tank shells hit a compound housing a U.N. school in the northern Gaza Strip on Thursday, killing at least 15 people and wounding dozens who were seeking shelter from fierce clashes on the streets outside. Frank Caliendo reads LeBron James’ letter as Morgan Freeman When LeBron James’ “I’m coming home” essay was published by Sports Illustrated, everyone wanted to hear Morgan Freeman read it. Right? Ex-Chelsea star Frank Lampard officially signs with NYCFC It's official. Frank Lampard is a member of New York City FC. The England international and long-time star for Chelsea in the English Premier League signed on with the Major League Soccer expansion franchise Thursday morning. Girardi, Mark-Viverito push free meals program New York Yankees Manager Joe Girardi and City Council Speaker Melissa Mark-Viverito are urging Big Apple kids to take advantage of the city’s popular, free summer meals. Accused killer of LI mom denied bail A 42-year-old Brooklyn woman accused of killing and dismembering a mother of four who was a tenant in her uncle’s building — and then scattering her remains across Long Island — was ordered held without bail Thursday morning, authorities said. Air Algerie plane wreckage reportedly found An Air Algerie flight from Burkina Faso to Algeria that disappeared Thursday with more than 100 people on board has reportedly been found crashed in Mali. Hilary Duff returns to music after seven-year break She's back! Hilary Duff has returned to music seven years after her last album. VIDEO: Parody attack ad slams fantasy football commissioner Charlotte resident Mike D'Avaria produced a hysterical online video meant to taunt his friend, Tim Grant, and fellow co-commissioner of their Championship of the Universe Fantasy Football League. Ravens running back Ray Rice suspended 2 games by NFL Ray Rice’s casino clash with his wife will cost him the first two games of the season. Elvis’ items to be auctioned at Graceland A library card signed by Elvis Presley in seventh grade is expected to be among the hottest items at an auction of the late singer's possessions at his Memphis mansion next month, Graceland officials said on Wednesday. Kelsey Grammer, wife welcome baby boy Dr. Crane got another visit from the stork. Actor Kelsey Grammer and wife Kayte welcomed a baby boy named Gabriel on Tuesday morning in Los Angeles, a rep for the couple said. Victims’ family says Arizona killer ‘deserved it' Those were the chilling words of relatives of Joseph Wood's victims after executioners in Arizona took two grueling hours to put him to death Wednesday, leaving some onlookers shaken and drawing calls for a review from Gov. SEE IT: Venezuela begins evacuation 45-story squatters' tower deemed 'world’s tallest slum' (PHOTOS) Venezuelan officials have begun a mass eviction of a skyscraper in Caracas known as 'the world's tallest slum,' a 45-story half-built office tower home to some 4,000 squatters. ISIS militants order female genital mutilation in northern Iraq: U.N. Terrorists have ordered all girls and women living in and around Iraq’s northern city of Mosul to undergo female genital mutilation, the United Nations said on Thursday. Mariela Castro, NOT ABOARD doomed Air Algerie airplane: report The daughter of Cuban President Raul Castro was not aboard the doomed Air Algerie plane that crash in Mali Thursday, as initially reported. Eric Stonestreet talks relationships and Swiffer The next time you get into a fight with your partner over whose turn it is to clean, know that you're not alone. Islamic extremists in Iraq order mannequins to cover up The Islamic State extremist group has commanded store owners in the Iraqi city of Mosul to cover their mannequins with face veils. ‘Star Wars: Episode VII’ to film on island off Irish coast: report The cast and crew of "Star Wars: Episode VII" will reportedly be showing up in force to a picturesque island off the coast of Ireland. Venice Film Festival lineup announced Mexican director Alejandro Inarritu opens this year's Venice film festival with the premier of "Birdman", a black comedy that heads a 55-strong selection leaning heavily toward war and recession, festival director Alberto Barbera said on Thursday. Malaysia Airlines victims' identitites stolen The widow of a Dutch helicopter pilot killed aboard Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 is busy grieving and canceling all his credit cards. Most Popular Most Read Most Shared 1 Indian doctors remove 232 teeth from teenager’s mouth 2 'Fifty Shades of Grey' trailer debuts on 'Today' show 3 Arizona death row inmate takes nearly 2 hours to die during execution 4 Air Algerie plane wreckage reportedly found 5 Dutch mayor: deport Putin's daughter 6 Chikungunya continues to spread across the U.S. 7 Man, 80, guns down pregnant home invader: ‘I shot her twice, she best be dead’ 8 New book: Hillary Clinton blamed Bill's sex addiction on his abuse as a child 9 Ruling could pave way for Travolta's former pilot to tell-all 10 Kim Kardashian reveals North West took first steps 1 Dogs really do get jealous, study says 2 Indian doctors remove 232 teeth from teenager’s mouth 3 'Fifty Shades of Grey' trailer debuts on 'Today' show 4 Chikungunya continues to spread across the U.S. 5 Meet the Chicago teen who may cure colon cancer 6 'Downton Abbey' previews season five, reveals almost nothing 7 ‘NCIS’ star hospitalized after severe allergic reaction to hair dye 8 Man, 80, guns down pregnant home invader: ‘I shot her twice, she best be dead’ 9 Postal worker goes postal in NYC salon fit 10 Air Algerie plane wreckage reportedly found Daily News Pix Musicans From the Beatles to Satchmo, from Billy Joel to Prince, the Daily News has backstage photos and behind the scenes shots you want. Find your legendary photo today. Buy a Print Music & Arts Video Media Kit Autos Home Delivery Newsletters Businesses Place an Ad About our Ads Contact Us Careers FAQ's Feeds Site Map Use of this website signifies your agreement to the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. © Copyright 2014 NYDailyNews.com. All rights reserved.
