http://angrybirdscartoon.org/
Angry Birds Cartoons Watch Latest Angry Birds Cartoons series By Rovio's Also watch Games Play and Latest Episode of Angry Birds Toons Angry Birds News Angry Birds Cartoon Contact Us "); Angry Birds Toons First it was stuffed animals, then T-shirts, and now it’s a cartoon Web series — the Angry Birds franchise just continues to grow. Rovio announced today that the first episode of the weekly Angry Birds cartoon show, ” The game maker hinted at turning the wildly popular game into an animated series last April. In addition to the cartoon, the company has also said that an Angry Birds movie is in the works, which is expected to debut in the middle of 2016. It seems Rovio’s overall goal is to transform from a gaming company to an entertainment company. Zynga is also getting into the entertainment business. The social gaming company is working with Director Brett Ratner, of “Prison Break” fame, to create a half-hour animated television series on the popular game Farmville. It’s unclear what devices, apps, and sites will eventually air “Angry Birds Toons.” But it’s been said that there will be 52 episodes that will each last about three minutes and be available on a variety of devices. For the March 16 premier, it looks like the cartoon will only be broadcast on the show’s Web site. Angry Birds Games For Free Play Free online SubwaySurfersGame Temple Run Game Play Scary Maze Game Online 2 Comments Arjun Arjun May 12, 2014 7:16 am  Log in to Reply Supper Kashif Pasha June 20, 2014 10:45 am  Log in to Reply DONT BE OVER Leave a comment Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. "); "); "); Categories No categories Copyright © 2014 Angry Birds Cartoons Play Free Online Angry Birds Online Mr bean games Play Cooking Games Monster Truck Games BACK TO TOP ↑
http://allthingsd.com/20130311/so-why-isnt-the-angry-birds-cartoon-coming-to-american-tv/
WSJ WSJ Live Live MarketWatch MarketWatch Barron's Barron's Portfolio Portfolio Product X Product X djx rt f r&c pe&vc wsj b More WSJ Briefcase BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal SmartMoney Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classroom WSJ Radio WSJ Wine AllThingsD News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Conferences Video Follow Us View by Writer Trending – You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello   Follow @' + x + '   Eric Johnson ethics statement bio e-mail RSS Follow @heyheyesj Recent Posts by Eric Johnson So, Why Isn’t the Angry Birds Cartoon Coming to American TV? March 11, 2013 at 12:21 pm PT Tweet Share Print “Literally, it’s a game-changer.” That’s the snappy line Rovio strategist Andrew Stalbow is using to talk about the company’s forthcoming animated series, “Angry Birds Toons.” The show, first announced nearly a year ago, will be distributed primarily through an update to the Angry Birds game for smartphones and tablets. The cartoons will also be available on Comcast’s on-demand services, Roku’s set-top boxes and Samsung’s smart TVs, and will be broadcast on TV in 12 countries — but not the U.S. — one day before each new episode comes to the apps. Why is American broadcast TV not getting the show? It seemed like a natural fit, especially since Nickelodeon aired one of the first pre-series shorts in the run-up to Angry Birds: Space. The absence of Nick (or any other American station aimed at the younger set) from Rovio’s press release this morning was conspicuous. Parents who would rather park Junior in front of the tube and keep the iPad for Mommy and Daddy, don’t despair. Stalbow left the door wide open for a future TV run in the States, even if initial talks didn’t result in a deal. Andrew Stalbow “We talked to everyone, and we’re friends with all of the different channels out there, but we needed a good place to start,” he said. “This is just the start.” Rovio will roll out one new episode of “Angry Birds Toons” per week, with 52 of the three-minute to five-minute shorts planned so far. Unlike Netflix’s “House of Cards” episode dump, serialized installments will give players a reason to open the app more frequently over a longer period of time, and will likely expose them to new game features and cross-promotions for other games. And even though downloads of Rovio’s games still tick up and up and up (crossing the 1.7 billion mark recently), engagement seems to be dropping: Onavo Insights estimates that active iPhone users of the original Angry Birds app dropped 22 percent in January. After all, there are only so many ways to kill a pig. Stalbow called the new series Rovio’s “transition from being a mobile games company to a fully-fledged entertainment company.” That’s markedly different from Cut the Rope makers ZeptoLab’s claim that “we’re a gaming company first,” in spite of a planned TV show of its own. Stalbow said, though, that games are still the “engine driver” of Rovio’s IP. So, what about those other games: Bad Piggies, which stars the villains from Angry Birds, and Amazing Alex, which takes place in a different world? I asked if they, too, would get the animation treatment, and again Stalbow left the possibilities open. Stalbow said the focus right now is on the Angry Birds “classic world” (read: sorry, Bad Piggies fans), but that he expects animation to have some staying power within the company — it’s already one of the three pillars of Rovio’s new business, the other two being games and merchandise. The first episode of “Angry Birds Toons” hits international TV on March 16, and games and on-demand services on March 17. Plus, Rovio is still working on that Angry Birds movie, now slated for a summer 2016 release. Tagged with: Amazing Alex, Andrew Stalbow, Angry Birds, Angry Birds Toons, animation, Bad Piggies, cartoon, games, gaming, House of Cards, Media, Netflix, Nickelodeon, Rovio, television, TV, Viacom, videogames Powered by Livefyre QuizUp Creator Plain Vanilla Games Raises Another $22 Million December 26, 2013 at 9:40 am PT AllThingsD Week in Review: WhatsApp vs. Bullshit Metrics and Apple’s Tearjerker Ad December 22, 2013 at 5:30 pm PT Atheer and Meta Want You to Touch Your Apps in Midair December 19, 2013 at 1:52 pm PT Despite Free-to-Play Explosion, Apple Puts Spotlight on Paid Games December 18, 2013 at 6:00 am PT Why a Cozy Relationship Between Valve and Oculus VR Makes Perfect Sense December 17, 2013 at 1:24 pm PT Latest Video View all videos » api-video/find_all_videos.asp&fields=id,videoStillURL,thumbnailURL,guid,video320kMP4Url,name,duration&count=4&doctype=128 Search » Featured Posts Featured Reviews You Say Goodbye and We Say Hello Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in Media The NSA and the Corrosion of Silicon Valley Michael Dearing in Voices You Won’t Believe All the Crazy Hardware the NSA Uses for Spying Arik Hesseldahl in News View all today’s news » Uncovering a More Useful Android Lock Screen Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews Lenovo’s Bendy Yoga 2 Laptop Makes All the Right Moves Lauren Goode in Product Reviews Space Monkey Peer-to-Peer Digital Storage System Offers Better Backup Katherine Boehret in The Digital Solution Diabetes Data Beamed to Your Phone Walt Mossberg in Personal Technology Nokia Lumia 2520: A Solid Windows Tablet in Need of Apps Bonnie Cha in Product Reviews View all reviews » When AllThingsD began, we told readers we were aiming to present a fusion of new-media timeliness and energy with old-media standards for quality and ethics. And we hope you agree that we’ve done that. — Kara Swisher and Walt Mossberg, in their farewell D post AllThingsD by Writer Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey AllThingsD.com is a Web site devoted to news, analysis and opinion on technology, the Internet and media. But it is different from other sites in this space. It is a fusion of different media styles, different topics, different formats and different sources. Read more » About Us » Contact Us » Comments Policy » Cookies Policy » Privacy Policy » FAQ » Terms of Service » Your Ad Choices » Advertise With Us » Send a Tip » Daily Headlines Email » Follow AllThingsD Your Way » Featuring the most influential figures in technology, unscripted and upfront. More » Conferences: D: All Things Digital. » D: Dive Into Media » D: Dive Into Mobile » Follow us on Twitter: Select Account @allthingsd (All Things Digital) @ATDapple (Apple) @ATDgoogle (Google) @ATDmedia (Media) @ATDmobile (Mobile) @ATDreviews (Reviews) @waltmossberg (Walt Mossberg) @karaswisher (Kara Swisher) @JohnPaczkowski (John Paczkowski) @kabster728 (Katherine Boehret) @pkafka (Peter Kafka) @inafried (Ina Fried) @LizGannes (Liz Gannes) @ahess247 (Arik Hesseldahl) @LaurenGoode (Lauren Goode) @MikeIsaac (Mike Isaac) @BonnieSCha (Bonnie Cha) @DelRey (Jason Del Rey) RSS Feeds Select Feed All Feeds News Reviews Mobile Media Social Enterprise Commerce Voices Personal Technology Mossberg’s Mailbox The Digital Solution Walt Mossberg Kara Swisher John Paczkowski Katherine Boehret Peter Kafka Ina Fried Liz Gannes Arik Hesseldahl Lauren Goode Mike Isaac Bonnie Cha Jason Del Rey © 2005-2014 Dow Jones & Company Inc. All Rights Reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Mobile Version 0){var j=0;for(var i=0;i 0){var j=0;for(var i=0;i
http://www.hollywoodreporter.com/news/angry-birds-cartoon-premiere-next-424641
The Hollywood Reporter Movies News Reviews Box Office Trailers Cannes Oscars The Race Heat Vision Indie Film Showtimes In Theaters Coming Soon TV Emmys Reviews Bastard Machine Live Feed Ratings Clips Music Charts Concert Reviews Music Festivals Earshot Tech Behind The Screen NAB Show 3D SMPTE E3 Conference SXSW SIGGRAPH D23 The Business International Labor Politics Asia Hollywood, Esq Style News Beauty People Shopping Podcasts Culture Travel Dining Auto Books Theater Real Estate Awards Oscars Emmys Tonys Calendar The Race Cannes Video Trailers Hot Videos Roundtables Roundtables Cover Shoots Inside Indie TV Clips THR Exceptions   Subscribe Newsletters           Follow @THR The Hollywood Reporter on LinkedIn Subscribe Newsletters Daily PDF Login/Logout The Hollywood Reporter Movies News Reviews Box Office Trailers Cannes Oscars The Race Heat Vision Indie Film Showtimes In Theaters Coming Soon TV Emmys Reviews Bastard Machine Live Feed Ratings Clips Music Charts Concert Reviews Music Festivals Earshot Tech Behind The Screen NAB Show 3D SMPTE E3 Conference SXSW SIGGRAPH D23 The Business International Labor Politics Asia Hollywood, Esq Style News Beauty People Shopping Podcasts Culture Travel Dining Auto Books Theater Real Estate Awards Oscars Emmys Tonys Calendar The Race Cannes Video Trailers Hot Videos Roundtables Roundtables Cover Shoots Inside Indie TV Clips THR Exceptions Angry Birds Cartoon to Premiere Next Month 12:31 PM PST 02/26/2013 by Scott Roxborough 57 97 1 Email Print Comments The first episode of the 'Angry Birds Toon' series will bow March 16 on Rovio's website and on air in Ukraine. Recommended: Activision's 'Angry Birds Trilogy' Sells 1 Million Games on Consoles » 'Angry Birds' Movie Hires 'Despicable Me' Producer » COLOGNE, Germany -- Rovio, makers of Angry Birds, have announced the official bow of their long-awaited animated television series based on the gaming phenomenon. Starting March 16, the Angry Birds Toons series promises a new episode every week featuring the adventures of the egg-stealing pigs and those furious feathered folk. "An all-new animated series that throws the doors to Piggy Island wide open!" is how Rovio described the game-to-TV crossover on its blog today, announcing the upcoming launch. STORY: Rovio and Lucasfilm Team Up for 'Angry Birds Star Wars' Game While the majority of Angry Birds fans will, initially at least, have to watch the series on Rovio's website, the show has been licensed to a broadcaster in Ukraine, who will give Angry Birds Toons its on-air debut next month. The cartoon is a further move by Finnish-based Rovio to extend its hugely successful Angry Birds brand. More than 260 million users have downloaded one of Rovio's Angry Birds apps -- a huge potential audience should Rovio put its cartoons into future games or updates. The animated series also should be a driver for future sales of games and Angry Birds toys and merchandise. You can check out a trailer for the new Angry Birds cartoon below. International Rovio Angry Birds 57 97 1 Email Print Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus See Chris Hardwick as Marty McFly From 'Back to the Future' In This Week's Magazine Zoe Saldana: A Geek Goddess Bares All More from this issue Subscribe Now Give a Gift Why Al Madrigal Likes That His ‘About A Boy' Character Isn't Overtly Latino Adam Levine And Behati Prinsloo Having A Summer Wedding In Mexico (REPORT) Celebrity Twitter Followers, by Gender Iggy Azalea Tops Hot 100 With 'Fancy,' Matches Beatles For Chart Record Watch a Hilarious Godzilla Mash-Up ... Starring Beyoncé Supercut: Adam and Blake’s Bromance on The Voice Paying Respect to Rodney Dangerfield’s Novelty Song and Other 1984 Hits The Do I Sound Gay? Kickstarter Could Use a Little Last-Minute Help Prince Harry Plays Rugby with School Kids & Flashes His Abs in the Process! Demi Lovato Tapes 'Paul O'Grady' Appearance in London Selena Gomez Takes Inspiring UNICEF Journey to Nepal Nicole Scherzinger Visits Kiss FM to Premiere New Single 'Your Love' - Full Song & Lyrics! What's Hot On The Hollywood Reporter PHOTOS: Behind the Scenes of 'The Big Bang Theory' View gallery 'The Big Bang Theory's' Nerdiest Guest Stars View gallery PHOTOS: Titans of Comic-Con View gallery PHOTOS: 19 Sequels That Outgrossed the Originals View gallery The Hollywood Reporter ©2014 The Hollywood Reporter. All rights reserved. Terms of Use   |   Privacy Policy About Us Subscribe Subscriber Services Back Issues FAQs Advertising Contact Us Entertainment News RSS Follow Us On Twitter Find Us On Facebook Watch Us On Youtube Our affiliate publications Billboard Ad Week Backstage Casting
http://techcrunch.com/2013/02/26/angry-birds-toons-rovios-new-cartoon-series-is-coming-to-a-browser-near-you-march-16/
Got a tip? Let us know. Menu Search News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia CrunchGov All Topics All Galleries Trending Tinder NSA Android Google Microsoft Apple Twitter Facebook TCTV Shows TCTV News CrunchWeek Fly Or Die Foundation Inside Jobs TechCrunch Gadgets Gillmor Gang TC Cribs TechCrunch Makers All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Hardware Battlefield News About Google I/O 2014 CES SXSW WWDC 2014 All Events Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search CrunchBase Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube RSS Email More LinkedIn Youtube RSS Email Announcement Tickets for the TechCrunch summer party at August Capital are now on sale. Startups Secret Escapes Acquires My City Venue To Add More Events To Luxury Travel Club SilverPush Says It’s Using “Audio Beacons” For An Unusual Approach To Cross-Device Ad Targeting Imoji For iPhone Lets You Turn Any Image Into A Custom Emoji Browse more... Mobile SilverPush Says It’s Using “Audio Beacons” For An Unusual Approach To Cross-Device Ad Targeting Imoji For iPhone Lets You Turn Any Image Into A Custom Emoji Karma Swipe Lets You Browse Reddit With Tinder-Like Swipes Browse more... angry birds toon Angry Birds Kids Can Now Teach Robots To Play Angry Birds – For Science! Rovio Looks To Tap The Power Of The AllSpark With Angry Birds Transformers Angry Birds Epic Is Final Fantasy With Swine And Fowl, Hits Australia And Canada This Week Browse more... Rovio “Angry Birds Toons”, Rovio’s New Cartoon Series, Is Coming To A Browser Near You March 16 Posted Feb 26, 2013 by Matt Burns (@mjburnsy) More Add to Flipboard Magazine. Next Story Meet Buddy, Another Ambitious, Crowdfunded Smart Watch They’re cute. They’re bouncy. And they’re angry. Introducing “Angry Birds Toons”. Seriously. Rovio has long teased the existence of an Angry Birds cartoon series but held most of the details secret. Well, all will be revealed come March 16th, when the first episode premieres. The company took to its blog today to announce the first episodes, describing the series as “an all-new animated series that throws the doors to Piggy Island wide open.” This is a logical move for Rovio, who is clearly attempting to milk everything out of the Angry Birds brand. Much like traditional cartoons, this cartoon series is simply a vehicle to sell toys. After the app hit it big, Rovio quickly moved into toys starting with plush Angry Birds. Then, just last Christmas, Rovio licensed the brand to Hasbro for a series of board games. At this point Angry Birds is a cash cow for Rovio and a cartoon series is a smart way to keep the brand alive. “The content itself is the channel,” said Rovio CEO Mikeal Hed in an interview acknowledging the pains of launching a cartoon series. “We have become the channel.” And with 260 million users as of January, the Angry Birds apps could prove to be a might big distribution channel when Rovio puts these cartoons in the games themselves. But as for the March 16th premiere, it seems if “Angry Birds Toons” will only be shown on the show’s website. Advertisement Advertisement CrunchBase Rovio Entertainment Founded 2003     Overview Rovio is an entertainment media company based in Finland, and the creator of the globally successful Angry Birds franchise. Angry Birds, a casual puzzle game, became an international phenomenon within a year of release, and is now the number one paid app of all time. Following this success in mobile gaming, Angry Birds has expanded rapidly in entertainment, publishing, and licensing to become a beloved … Website http://www.rovio.com Full profile for Rovio Entertainment TechCrunch Daily Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to TechCrunch Daily Enter Email Address Subscribe Related Videos Play Video We Heart It’s New IOS App 9:34 Play Video Thalmic Myo First Hands-On And Demo Play Video Mail in Yosemite More Related Videos angry birds toon Angry Birds Rovio Mobile Startups Popular Posts Powered by Livefyre Up Next Meet Buddy, Another Ambitious, Crowdfunded Smart Watch Posted Feb 26, 2013 CrunchBoard Job Listings Enterprise Database Manager Foundation Center Programmer Foundation Center Manager/Director of User Growth Figure 1 Software Engineer, Search Engine Optimization PayScale Program Manager, Search Engine Optimization Payscale More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News TCTV Events CrunchBase About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to TechCrunch Daily Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>TechCrunch Daily Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2014 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by
http://www.independent.co.uk/life-style/gadgets-and-tech/news/angry-birds-launches-cartoon-series-8532721.html
= 1280) { fn_pageskin = "yes"; } googletag.defineSlot(unitName, [8, 8], "inskin8x8").addService(googletag.pubads()).setTargeting("inskin", fn_pageskin).setTargeting("article", articleId); // Partner 300x150 ad googletag.defineSlot(unitNamePartner, [300, 150], "partnersmall").addService(googletag.pubads()).setTargeting("target", "ps").setTargeting("kw", articleId).setTargeting("ord", ordValue1); // Partner 300x250_1 ad googletag.defineSlot(unitNamePartner, [300, 250], "partner300x250_1").addService(googletag.pubads()).setTargeting("target", "ps").setTargeting("kw", articleId).setTargeting("ord", ordValue1); // Partner 300x250_2 ad googletag.defineSlot(unitNamePartner, [300, 250], "partner300x250_2").addService(googletag.pubads()).setTargeting("target", "psmpu2").setTargeting("kw", articleId).setTargeting("ord", ordValue1); //googletag.pubads().enableSingleRequest(); //googletag.pubads().refresh(); googletag.pubads().collapseEmptyDivs(); googletag.pubads().enableAsyncRendering(); googletag.enableServices(); }); Thursday 24 July 2014 Sign in Your comment has been successfully submitted Apps eBooks i Jobs Dating Shop News Images People Voices Sport Tech Life Fashion News Features Fashion Fix Food & Drink News Reviews Features Recipes Health & Families Health News Features Healthy Living Health Insurance History Gadgets and Tech News Features Motoring Motoring News Features Road Tests Motorcycling Comment Dating Advice Crosswords Gaming Competitions Property Arts + Ents Travel Money IndyBest Student Offers Israel-Gaza conflict Assisted dying Obesity George Osborne Greece Michael Gove Life > Gadgets and Tech > News Angry Birds launches cartoon series The number one paid mobile app of all time launches spin-off animation Alex Masters Alex Masters Alex Masters is a technology journalist, podcaster and blogger based in the UK. You can follow his online escapades on Google+. More articles from this journalist Follow Alex Masters Wednesday 13 March 2013 Print You must provide a valid email address in this field Thank you! Your email has been successfully sent. Your friend's email address Your email address Note: We do not store your email address(es) but your IP address will be logged to prevent abuse of this feature. Please read our Legal Terms & Policies A A A Email The game developer behind the ubiquitously popular Angry Birds game, where players throw birds at pigs, has now launched a cartoon based around the game. Rovio, the Finnish company behind the highly addictive game, has now created the Angry Birds Toons animated series. The cartoon will launch on selected TV channels, video-on-demand services and across the range of Angry Birds apps for smartphones and tablets on March 16th. Originally, Nick Dora, Rovio's head of animation, revealed plans for the animation series back in April of last year at MIPTV in Cannes, France. The plan was to launch the series in the later part of 2012, but it was rescheduled for this spring. Dora said: "We want to combine the feel of cartoon classics with modern twists on an unprecedented scale. Our team has been working tremendously hard to once again delight our fans with a new way to experience these loveable characters". There will be a total of 52 Angry Birds Toons episodes spanning the next twelve months, with a new episode airing each weekend, beginning on Saturday March 16th on participating TV channels and Sunday March 17th on Angry Birds apps, supported video-on-demand services, smart TVs and connected devices. Samsung Smart TVs will support the new Angry Birds Toons channel on launch day, but other platforms, such as Roku set-top boxes and other platforms yet to be announced, are expected to launch in the near future. The current list of global TV partners is as follows: FOX8 in Australia JEI TV in Korea ANTV in Indonesia Cartoon Network in India MTV3 Juniori and MTV3 in Finland The Children's Channel in Israel 1+1 networks in Ukraine Gulli and Canal J in France SUPER RTL in Germany TV2 in Norway Canal 13 in Chile Gloob in Brazil No UK or US TV channels have been announced so far, although Comcast in the US have confirmed that they will have the channel available on all of their respective video platforms. The latest Angry Birds app updates will provide access to the official Toons channel, which you’ll find on the app's homescreen from March 17th onwards. Angry Birds is now the number one paid mobile app of all time. The company has racked up more than 1.7 billion downloads to date, with 700 million of them taking place over the last ten months alone. With Angry Birds clothes, toys, games, electronics, accessories, media partnerships, and even confectionary availablle, Rovio's CEO Mikael Hed has admitted he wants his brand to become a "fully fledged entertainment powerhouse".   Suggested Topics Animation Cartoons Channel (waterway) Cinema Digital Television Indonesia Styles And Clothes Television World News in Pictures Enter URL: Enter URL: News UN says Isis forcing women into FGM in Iraq – but is the claim based on a Twitter hoax? i100 News Noel Gallagher helped me kick cocaine addiction, says Metallica drummer people News Sir Chris Hoy stopped and asked for ID news... outside the Chris Hoy velodrome Life and Style Watching TV after work makes you feel 'guilty and like a failure' life PROMOTED VIDEO Life and Style Mark Hix on Game ebookA wonderful selection of salads, starters and mains featuring venison, grouse and other game News Cyclist films moment car crashes straight into him ...and he lands on his feet video Life and Style Buy this mini hoverbike and fund the real thing tech Sport Stimpson clinches first gold for England Commonwealth games Arts and Entertainment Too many films released each year, says BFI film News It started with a kiss peopleBarrowman's opening ceremony message to Commonwealth countries where he would be sent to prison for being gay i100: Tartan, tartan, tartan – and how a gay kiss stole the show Great Scots! Planes and pipers welcome in Glasgow's Games Arts and Entertainment Is this how you imagined your Christian Grey? filmFirst look at Jamie Dornan in Fifty Shades of Grey trailor Life and Style Still Stella fashionMcCartney to continue designing Team GB Olympics kit until 2016 Sport Debutant James leads United's 7-0 smashing over LA Galaxy football Sport Farah drops out of Games as illness takes toll Commonwealth games Voices You can't screw your way to the top voicesGood for Lana Del Rey for helping kill that myth, writes Grace Dent Life and Style Artistic underwear gives a lesson in female anatomy fashion Designs are part of feminist art project by a British student Arts and Entertainment Tour de France effect brings Hollywood blockbusters to Yorkshire film Life & Style blogs Fashion’s musical chairs commence anew, as Christophe Lemaire leaves Hermes A little bit of history repeating: something old makes something new, at Raf Simons’ Dior and Karl Lagerfeld’s Chanel Chinese Whispers at Versace, Frankenstein’s Monster at Schiaparelli. Haute couture autumn/winter 2014 Independent Travel Shop Up to 70% off luxury travel on city breaks Find out more Up to 70% off luxury travel on chic beach resorts Find out more Up to 70% off luxury travel on country retreats Find out more Please provide search keyword(s) Advanced Search Article archive Topics "+(e+1)+" "+ t.headline +" "); }); } }); }); Most Viewed Most Commented Most Shared Husband creates spreadsheet detailing wife's 'excuses' for turning down sex Dale Bolinger guilty: What is sexual cannibalism? Zebra meat: Exotic and lean - but does it taste good? Why do we have blood types? Xiaomi Mi4: 'Chinese Apple' launches flagship mobile to challenge iPhone Malaysia Airlines MH17 crash: Vladimir Putin is given 'one last chance' to end hostilities in Ukraine Oliver Poole The 'scroungers’ fight back: The welfare claimants battling to alter stereotypes Emily Dugan The truth about conspiracy theories is that some require considering Patrick Cockburn Malaysia Airlines MH17 crash: Ukrainian military jet was flying close to passenger plane before it was shot down, says Russian officer Natasha Culzac Malaysia Airlines MH17 crash: Massive rise in sale of British arms to Russia Cahal Milmo Malaysia Airlines MH17 crash: victims’ bodies bundled in black bags and loaded onto trains Loulla-Mae Eleftheriou-Smith 1 I was a Woman Against Feminism too 2 Students offered grants if they tweet pro-Israeli propaganda 3 The Tory donor whose firm is one of Britain’s biggest tax avoiders - with HMRC's blessing 4 John Barrowman praised for Commonwealth Games opening ceremony gay kiss 5 Israel has discovered that it's no longer so easy to get away with murder in the age of social media independent images Comic Con 2014 attendees   Taiwan plane crash Costa Concordia’s last voyage Israel-Gaza conflict  Flower beards trend Malaysia Airlines flight MH17 crash  World news in pictures UK news in pictures Arts + Ents news in pictures  Sport news in pictures < Previous 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Next > SPONSORED FEATURES Topman: Tips from top stylists Shop London has teamed up with Topman. View the latest film clips shot at Topman Oxford Circus, plus your chance to win a £1,500 voucher. Win a holiday The Gambia London Trend Join the party Holiday wardrobe i100 Sun Set Style #editme Prizes & offers Business videos Win a tailor-made trip to Graubünden, Switzerland’s No. 1 holiday destination Discover Swiss alpine holidays – your way Topman The Gambia London Trend Join the party Holiday wardrobe i100 Sun Set Style #editme Prizes & offers Business videos The Gambia in the Summer The Gambia may be the smallest country in mainland Africa but this is no reflection of it rich versatile offering. Topman Win a holiday London Trend Join the party Holiday wardrobe i100 Sun Set Style #editme Prizes & offers Business videos #fashionhappy film competition Calling all fashionistas! Enter our film competition to win a £2,000 Westfield Gift Card plus an internship at London Live. Topman Win a holiday The Gambia Join the party Holiday wardrobe i100 Sun Set Style #editme Prizes & offers Business videos Join the party With Prudential RideLondon taking place on 9 and 10 August, it is worth finding out where the best places to spectate are during the weekend Topman Win a holiday The Gambia London Trend Holiday wardrobe i100 Sun Set Style #editme Prizes & offers Business videos Update your holiday wardrobe Update your holiday wardrobe with tropical prints, the perfect pair of sandals and some seriously stylish swimwear to make a splash in. Bon voyage. Topman Win a holiday The Gambia London Trend Join the party i100 Sun Set Style #editme Prizes & offers Business videos i100: Summer Lifehacks This is the only wallet you need at the beach this year (and 15 other lifehacks to get you through summer) Topman Win a holiday The Gambia London Trend Join the party Holiday wardrobe Sun Set Style #editme Prizes & offers Business videos Sun Set Style After a hard day spent sunbathing, breeze into dusk with relaxed separates and sunset hues. Polish it off with shimmering details and an Aperol spritz Topman Win a holiday The Gambia London Trend Join the party Holiday wardrobe i100 #editme Prizes & offers Business videos Get the look. See the trends. Westfield and Snapfashion team up to create a new digital styling tool. Create a style board or browse this season's trends. #editme. Topman Win a holiday The Gambia London Trend Join the party Holiday wardrobe i100 Sun Set Style Prizes & offers Business videos Enter the latest Independent competitions Win anything from gadgets to five-star holidays on our competitions and offers page. Topman Win a holiday The Gambia London Trend Join the party Holiday wardrobe i100 Sun Set Style #editme Business videos Business videos from commercial thought leaders Watch the best in the business world give their insights into the world of business. Topman Win a holiday The Gambia London Trend Join the party Holiday wardrobe i100 Sun Set Style #editme Prizes & offers Independent Dating Show Me Women Men Between: 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 50 51 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 59 60+ and   18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 50 51 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 59 60+ Location: -- Select -- Avon Bedfordshire Berkshire Borders Buckinghamshire Cambridgeshire Central Cheshire Cleveland Clwyd Cornwall County Antrim County Armagh County Down County Durham County Fermanagh County Londonderry County Tyrone Cumbria Derbyshire Devon Dorset Dumfries and Galloway Dyfed East Sussex Essex Fife Gloucester Grampian Greater Manchester Guernsey Gwent Gwynedd Hampshire Hereford and Worcester Hertfordshire Highlands Humberside Isle of Man Isle of Wight Jersey Kent Lancashire Leicestershire Lincolnshire London Lothian Merseyside Mid Glamorgan Norfolk North Yorkshire Northamptonshire Northumberland Nottinghamshire Orkney Oxfordshire Powys Sark Shetland Shropshire Somerset South Glamorgan South Yorkshire Staffordshire Strathclyde Suffolk Surrey Tayside Tyne and Wear Warwickshire West Glamorgan West Midlands West Sussex West Yorkshire Western Isles Wiltshire By clicking 'Search' you are agreeing to our Terms of Use. iJobs Gadgets & Tech Application Support Analyst (SQL, Incident Management, SLAs) £34000 - £37000 Per Annum + excellent benefits: Clearwater People Solutions Lt... Developer - WinForms, C# £280 - £320 per day: Progressive Recruitment: C#, WinForms, Desktop Developmen... Java Developer competitive: Progressive Recruitment: My Client are a successful software hous... MS Dynamics NAV/Navision Developer £45000 - £53000 per annum + Benefits: Progressive Recruitment: **MS DYNAMICS N... View the latest IT, Tech and New Media jobs on iJobs. Day In a Page Sun Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 January February March April May June July August September October November December 1992 1993 1994 1995 1996 1997 1998 1999 2000 2001 2002 2003 2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 Go Screwing your way to the top? Good for Lana Del Rey for helping kill that myth, says Grace Dent Will Britons fighting in Syria be able to resume their lives? Tony Blair's Terrorism Act 2006 has made it an offence to take part in military action abroad with a "political, ideological, religious or racial motive" Beyoncé poses as Rosie the Riveter The wartime poster girl became the ultimate American symbol of female empowerment The quest to find the perfect pair of earphones Earphones don't fit properly, offer mediocre audio quality and can even be painful. So the quest to design the perfect pair is music to Seth Stevenson's ears Meet the US Army's shooting star Lt-Col Steven Cole is the man Hollywood calls when it wants to borrow a tank or check a military uniform Take a good look while you can How climate change could wipe out this seal Farewell, my lovely Should emergency hospital weddings be made easier? Crowdfunded novel nominated for Booker Prize Paul Kingsnorth's 'The Wake' is in contention for the prestigious award Vladimir Putin employs a full-time food taster John Walsh salutes those brave souls who have, throughout history, put their knives on the line Tour de France effect brings Hollywood blockbusters to Yorkshire A $25m thriller starring Sam Worthington to be made in God's Own Country Will The Minerva Project change the face of higher learning? The university has no lecture halls, no debating societies, no sports teams and no fraternities. Instead, the 33 students who have made the cut at Minerva, will travel the world and change the face of higher learning Feet treat: 10 best pedicure products Bags packed and all prepped for holidays, but feet in a state? Get them flip-flop-ready with our pick of the items for a DIY treatment Commonwealth Games 2014 Great Scots! Planes and pipers welcome in Glasgow's Games Jack Pitt-Brooke Manchester City and Patrick Vieira make the right stand on racism How Newton tragedy made iron men seek help to tackle their psychological demons Over a hundred rugby league players have contacted clinic to deal with mental challenges of game Terms & Policies Privacy Policy Cookie policy Code of Conduct Complaint form Email newsletters RSS Live Blogs i100 Contact Us Subscriptions Apps Work for us Evening Standard Homes & Property iJobs Advertising Guide Syndication Novaya Gazeta (English) ES Business Connections ES Rentals London Live © independent.co.uk Please provide search keyword(s) Advanced Search Article archive Topics
http://www.angrybirdsnest.com/angry-birds-toons-rovios-new-cartoon-series-premieres-march-16th/
Get an Uncaged Membership Today Search for: Skip to content Walkthroughs Golden Eggs & Stars Angry Birds Friends Tournament Star Wars II Rio Seasons Star Wars Space Bad Piggies Epic AB Go! Rovio Stars Web & Facebook Free & Lite Editions Mighty Eagle Achievements Angry Birds Star Wars Star Wars II Seasons Rio Space Epic Angry Birds Go! Bad Piggies Angry Birds Free Seasons Free Rio Free Tiny Thief Icebreaker Leaderboards Angry Birds Star Wars Star Wars II Seasons Friends Tournament AB Friends Rio Space Golden Eggs Golden Eggs Seasons Forums All Forums General Discussions News & Rumors All Things Nest Bugs & Issues Epic Angry Birds Go! AB Friends Bad Piggies Rovio Stars Games Old Forum Community All Activity All Members All Groups Challenge Pigineering Fan Art The Bloated Pig Sections News Guides Articles Game & App Reviews Freebies Blog Releases & Updates Galleries Videos Bugs Updates About Contact Advertise FAQ Glossary Badges & Rank Meet the Team Monitor Chatter Sign In Register Angry Birds Toons – Rovio’s New Cartoon Series Premieres March 16th By sal9 on Feb 26, 2013 - 46 Comments A brand new Angry Birds cartoon series — Angry Birds Toons — will premiere on March 16th and 17th. From what we know now, it looks like it will be a web based series that will air on, angrybirds.com/toons (with the videos likely hosted on Rovio’s YouTube channel). We don’t have a lot of details, but it will be a cartoon series, which means more than one. Below is what Rovio has stated on their YouTube channel: Have you ever wondered why the Bomb Bird is so angry? How the King Pig became a King? And why those Pigs are after those eggs? Rovio is proud to announce an all-new animated series that throws the doors to Piggy Island wide open! Premiering on the weekend of March 16th and 17th, Rovio will bring you the first weekly episode featuring the latest adventures of the birds and the pigs. So mark your calendar, and STAY TOONED to their channel to find out more! Rovio is no stranger to animations. They’re produced many animated shorts, as well as some amazing animated teasers. A few of which we’ve listed below. Some of the originals really helped cement Rovio as an entertainment brand, as well as extend the phenomenon that is Angry Birds. Previous Short Animations Angry Birds Star Wars Gameplay Videos & Animations Official Angry Birds Space Trailer by Rovio Brand New Angry Birds Year of the Dragon Animation Angry Birds Rio Trailer Angry Birds Cinematic Trailer: Rovio Introduces Angry Birds Angry Birds & the Mighty Eagle: Introducing Mighty Eagle …and more. Nav: Home » News » Angry Birds News & Updates » Angry Birds Toons – Rovio’s New Cartoon Series Premieres March 16th Tags: Animation, Cartoons, Teaser Category: Angry Birds News & Updates, News, Videos Like this? Share it! Tweet « Prev Next » Latest Walkthroughs Angry Birds Seasons The Pig Days Level 1-2... Angry Birds Flock Favorites Level 29-15 Walkthrough Angry Birds Flock Favorites Level 29-14 Walkthrough Angry Birds Flock Favorites Level 29-13 Walkthrough Angry Birds Flock Favorites Level 29-12 Walkthrough Angry Birds Flock Favorites Level 29-11 Walkthrough Angry Birds Flock Favorites Level 29-10 Walkthrough Angry Birds Flock Favorites Level 29-9 Walkthrough Comments (46) Subscribe or Leave a Comment Rank: Champion with 3715 points By Oobgular (@oobgular17) Looks great! Reply Rank: Master Slinger with 5355 points By wanda (@wanda) @sal9 thanks for keeping us informed. I look forward to getting the whole story behind our favorite birds and their bitter feud with the piggies. :) Reply Rank: Fling King with 4260 points By Sith Bird (@altla-darkwinder) Me too . . . and I hope freckled pig and mechanic pig will be on the toons as well. They’re my favorite piggies XD Reply Rank: Master Slinger with 6770 points By Angryguy (@angryperson) can’t wait!! they look fantastic!!! Reply Rank: Master Slinger with 7100 points By Dr. Omega (@dr-omega) For those who don’t know, Rovio bought Kombo, an animation studio in May 2011. They have been producing all the animated shorts in-house ever since. Reply Rank: Sling God with 20335 points By wrw01 (@wrw01) Thanks @dr-omega I did not know that. It will be interesting to view the data presented about the birds and the story lines. Wonder if games will be presented from the by-lines of the tunes. As a company they are expanding and diversifying their products to the public. Reply Rank: Master Slinger with 7100 points By Dr. Omega (@dr-omega) There was some information regarding most of the Birds’ histories in the National Geographic book that came out last year. Especially the Mighty Eagle. No word on Hal though. And he doesn’t seem to be in the trailer for TOONs either.. Haven’t seen Bubbles or Stella either.. Reply By Greeny356 Hal is my favorite bird.Yet,I don’t really see him that much. Reply Rank: Master Slinger with 6705 points By trishohara (@trishohara) Who is Hal? Reply Rank: Debriefed with 1250 points By Jeremiekent13 (@jeremiekent13) *cough*Boomerang Bird.. Reply Rank: Master Slinger with 6705 points By trishohara (@trishohara) Thank you. Reply Rank: Master Slinger with 6770 points By Angryguy (@angryperson) I thought his name is ‘Al’ Reply Rank: Champion with 3715 points By Oobgular (@oobgular17) Me too… Rank: Fling King with 4490 points By Hidayat1999 (@hidayat1999) I hope they have an episode featuring a complete Mighty Eagle, since the animated shorts only shows the eye part and the beak part (and silhouette. I hope for a coloured one). Reply Rank: Debriefed with 1355 points By Nanami Kamimura (@nanami) In the “Meet the Flock” promo for the toons, the main 5 + Terence are introduced, but Stella is in the video as well (somewhere in the beginning), so it’s certain she’ll make an appearance. Reply Rank: Master Slinger with 6475 points By CC Jolly (@cc-jolly) Cool, can’t wait seeing it :-) Reply Rank: Explosive with 2405 points By Balooon (@balooon) Looks like an animation from the rovio channel on youtube. I wonder if it will last 30 minutes or 3 minutes as a promotional animation, whatever, it looks really cool, but will be awesome if the sence of humor will be for 12+ Reply Rank: Master Slinger with 6745 points By alfredhartojo (@alfredhartojo) Can’t wait,This is gonna’ be awesome ^_^ Reply Rank: Fling King with 4260 points By Sith Bird (@altla-darkwinder) Agree . . . my little sister will be really happy, she watch (almost) all the AB animation. Wonder if I show her with this one :D Reply Rank: Gold Flinger with 8305 points By cosmo2503 (@cosmo2503) I saw this yesterday on game pause screen. Yeah, that’s really cool and I expect it would be something like CTR and Swampy cartoons. However it would be cool to download them all to device into special video application – AB cartoons. Reply Rank: Out of this World with 2980 points By Gab196 (@gab196) I hope they don’t have voice, like CTR and Swampy cartoons. That would be very ugly for me, since they haven’t given voice to the characters on previous animations, so that means they don’t talk with words. I think they should “talk” with ‘squawks’ and ‘oinks’! Reply Rank: Pig Leader with 10340 points By PdB (@playdbird) I tend to agree with you – I hope for no voices also. Reply Rank: Shooter with 925 points By cal2004 (@cal2004) (laughs) So funny the part that the Helmet Pig is turning something and many piggies come out! I would laugh more if I see more videos of it. Reply Rank: Fling King with 4260 points By Sith Bird (@altla-darkwinder) Yeah! maybe that place is the piggies house or something! XD With this cartoon, it prove that matilda is a girl and this give me one question if the place are focus to piggy island, does it mean the birds are intruder of the island? Reply By Loga Maybe the birds migrate there… Reply Rank: Debriefed with 1250 points By Jeremiekent13 (@jeremiekent13) LOL! Red is doing the matrix..Can’t wait! Reply Rank: Fling King with 4820 points By Harrystar6 (@harrystar6) I am really excited can’t wait :) Reply Rank: Master Slinger with 6475 points By CC Jolly (@cc-jolly) … Only two weeks left :-) Reply Rank: Gold Flinger with 9275 points By Joey (@joeyba) Will you be allowed to post the toons’ videos on this site? I think it’s the easiest place to watch them (for me) Reply Rank: Sling God with 27015 points By AMslimfordy (@amslimfordy) I don’t know if we will be able to. Reply Rank: Champion with 3715 points By Oobgular (@oobgular17) Any word on how long they will be? Short, about as long as the other animations? or maybe longer? Reply Rank: Fling King with 4260 points By Sith Bird (@altla-darkwinder) After I check the teaser, I guess it should be longer like half show of Spongebob Squarepants Reply Rank: Champion with 3715 points By Oobgular (@oobgular17) There’s a new teaser out on YouTube. Looks like the first episode is “Chuck Time.” Reply Rank: Master Slinger with 6770 points By Angryguy (@angryperson) so you watch it by going into an AB app? Reply Rank: Debriefed with 1355 points By Nanami Kamimura (@nanami) I’ve read about what Oobgular said on Twitter with a link. Haven’t tried the “through the app” thing though. Reply Rank: Champion with 3715 points By Oobgular (@oobgular17) Full Trailer! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p_7JjB0At_s Reply Rank: Debriefed with 1355 points By Nanami Kamimura (@nanami) BTW, if you watched the trailer, you’ll note that both Hal (Boomerang/Green) and Bubbles (Orange) aren’t in the picture. I asked Rovio about it (https://twitter.com/nanami_kamimura/status/311443397208600576). Their answer: They are not that fond of the cameras! Reply Rank: Master Slinger with 5680 points By Chris (@chriss) It’s out for AB Space on iOS. Reply Rank: Master Slinger with 5680 points By Chris (@chriss) For AB Star Wars and AB Star Wars Free as well. Reply Rank: Deputized with 100 points By Rodj (@rodj) Right now they only have it on angry birds space and Star Wars. Reply Rank: Master Slinger with 5680 points By Chris (@chriss) It’s out for AB original, AB Rio and AB Seasons now as well. Reply Rank: Champion with 3245 points By lordofangels (@lordofangels) Just watched the first one on AB Original. Very nice, great Animation as expected, would like to see them out of the app though, so I could watch at full quality. Reply Rank: Champion with 3715 points By Oobgular (@oobgular17) Just watched it. So crazy! So they’re going to be out once a week? Reply Rank: Champion with 3245 points By lordofangels (@lordofangels) apparently so, Must be a new one each Sunday. Reply Rank: Out of this World with 2695 points By Spacer (@spacer) Will mighty eagle be making an appearance? Haven’t seen him in any of the short films. Reply Rank: Well Traveled with 1960 points By Doodle Sandwich (@doodle-sandwich) I know this post is a little old, but I found something interesting in the toons menu in ABO- there will be 52 toons before, idk, maybe a season 2 of toons, like in ABS. @sal9 Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website Comment You may use these HTML tags and attributes: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <strike> <strong> Subscribe to Our Newsletter? Notify me of followup comments via e-mail or subscribe without commenting. We Really Appreciate Your Support! Follow @angrybirdsnest Google+ YouTube Rank My Likes Sections Comments If you're already a member please login to see your points and rank. If not, now's a great time for you to join our amazing community! If you're already a member please login to see your likes. If not, now's a great time for you to join our amazing community! News Amazing Alex News & Updates Angry Birds Epic News & Updates Angry Birds Go Racing News & Updates Angry Birds News & Updates Angry Birds Transformers News & Updates Bad Piggies News & Updates Rovio Stars News & Updates Angry Birds Angry Birds Epic Walkthroughs 01. Cobalt Pig Castle 02. Desert Pig Castle 03. Star Reef Castle 04. Mountain Pig Castle 05. King Pig's Castle 06. Wizpig's Castle 07. Red Gates 08. Chronicle Caves 09. Friendship Gates Walkthroughs Angry Birds 01. Poached Eggs 02. Mighty Hoax 03. Danger Above 04. The Big Setup 05. Ham 'Em High 06. Mine And Dine 07. Birdday Party 08. Bad Piggies 09. Red's Mighty Feathers 10. Short Fuse 11. Flock Favorites Surf and Turf Angry Birds Free & Lite Editions Angry Birds Rio Hidden Fruit & Items Walkthroughs 08. Cherries 09. Rockets 10. Chests 11. Anchors 12. Gears Walkthroughs 01. Smugglers' Den 02. Jungle Escape 03. Beach Volley 04. Carnival Upheaval 05. Airfield Chase 06. Smugglers' Plane 07. Market Mayhem 08. Golden Beachball 09. Rocket Rumble 10. High Dive 11. Blossom River 12. Timber Tumble 13. Hidden Harbor Free Edition Playground Trophy Room Angry Birds Seasons 01. Trick or Treat 02. Seasons Greedings 03. Hogs and Kisses 04. Go Green, Get Lucky 05. Easter Eggs! 06. Summer Pignic 07. Mooncake Festival 08. Ham'o'ween 09. Wreck the Halls 10. Year of the Dragon 11. Cherry Blossom 12. Piglantis 13. Back to School 14. Haunted Hogs 15. Winter Wonderham 16. Abra-Ca-Bacon 17. Arctic Eggspedition 18. South HAMerica The Pig Days Angry Birds Space 01. Pig Bang 02. Cold Cuts 03. Fry Me to the Moon 04. Utopia 05. Red Planet 06. Pig Dipper 07. Cosmic Crystals 08. Beak Impact Danger Zone Eggsteroids Angry Birds Star Wars 01. Tatooine 02. Death Star 03. Hoth 04. Cloud City 05. Moon of Endor 06. Death Star 2 Boba Fett Missions Bonus Episode Path of the Jedi Angry Birds Star Wars 2 01. Naboo Invasion 02. Escape to Tatooine 03. Battle of Naboo 04. Rise of the Clones Bonus Master Your Destiny Reward Chapter Angry Birds Web Cheetos Chrome Seasons Coca-Cola Facebook Friends Golden Eggs Green Day Pig Tales Pigini Beach Surf and Turf Tournament Facebook Star Wars Star Wars Tournament Fuji TV Google+ Heikki Intel Lotus F1 McDonald's Philadelphia Eagles Pistachio Telepizza Volcano Vuela Tazos Golden Eggs Mighty Eagle Angry Birds Angry Birds Facebook Angry Birds Rio Angry Birds Seasons Angry Birds Space Angry Birds Star Wars Bad Piggies Pigineering Walkthroughs 01. Ground Hog Day 02. Rise and Swine 03. When Pigs Fly 04. Flight in the Night 05. Tusk 'Til Dawn 06. Road Hogs Hidden Skulls Sandbox Epic Walkthroughs 01. Cobalt Pig Castle 02. Desert Pig Castle 03. Star Reef Castle 04. Mountain Pig Castle 05. King Pig's Castle 06. Wizpig's Castle 07. Red Gates 08. Chronicle Caves 09. Friendship Gates Angry Birds Go! Angry Birds Go Racing News & Updates Walkthroughs Rovio Stars Icebreaker Walkthroughs 01. Hammerfest 02. Troll Marsh 03. Under Dwell Tiny Thief Walkthroughs 01. First Lessons 02. A Rumbling Stomach 03. A Corrupt Sheriff 04. The Cursed Treasure 05. A Royal Rescue 06. Rattling Bones 07. Bewitched Family Friendly Games Games Action Adventure Arcade Board Card Education Entertainment Family Puzzle Racing Role Playing Simulation Sports Strategy Trivia Word Amazing Alex Walkthroughs 01. The Classroom 02. The Backyard 03. Alex's Bedroom 04. The Treehouse 05. Levels of the Week trainman2012 on Angry Birds San Diego Comic Con 2014 News Feed Josm on Angry Birds Transformers Official Comic-Con Video Trailer! Is that Astrotrain? Sglouk on Angry Birds Space Cosmic Crystals Level 7-10 Walkthrough Sglouk on Angry Birds Space Cosmic Crystals Level 7-6 Walkthrough saraivix on Angry Birds Epic Cure Cavern Level 5 Walkthrough | Chronicle Cave 4 | Endless Winter geirh61 on Angry Birds Rio Hidden Harbor Walkthrough Level #7 More Chatter → Advertise Here! Great for Apps & Games About AngryBirdsNest AngryBirdsNest.com is the #1 Angry Birds community and was built with the permission of Rovio Entertainment, the creators of Angry Birds. We are the go to place for walkthroughs, news, and much more. If you're interested in supporting AngryBirdsNest or RocketPond please contact us or check out our advertising rates. © 2014 Kuiver - All Rights Reserved Company About Us Contact Us Meet the Team Advertise Privacy Policy Community Activity Members Leaderboards Challenge Groups Forum Walkthroughs Angry Birds Star Wars Golden Eggs Seasons Space Rio Facebook Bad Piggies Everything Else! Sites Rocketpond Pigineering Kuiver '+res.msg+'Loading...
