http://www.kissfmuk.com/creative/rockstar/
DO YOU HAVE A BUSINESS IDEA? MAKE IT HAPPEN WITH KISS & ROCKSTAR.. Rockstar Youth Are you're 18-30 years old? Live in England and have a business idea or existing business? Well KISS and Rockstar Youth are giving you the chance to get your big business idea off the ground! Join KISS' Charlie and AJ at the following events and check out how you can make your dream business a reality... < > 1 2 3 MAKING IT HAPPEN The process is SIMPLE, just follow these three steps: Apply here answering four very simple questions about yourself and your idea. Attend one of the KISS and Rockstar Youth exclusive Business Incubator days (more about these below) If successful, you could kickstart you entrepreneurial journey with up to £10,000 capital injection into your company plus FREE business mentoring from the Rockstar heavyweights How Do I Apply? Applying online is easy, simply click the button below and answer 4 simple questions: What is your Product or Service? Is it a VIABLE business & what market research have you done? How much do you wish to apply for and for what? What terms do you want and when will you repay it? Rockstar Youth have even provided model answer and videos to make the application process even simpler! Their 'reject no-one' policy means that unsuccessful applications will receive recommendations for changes in order to re-apply and just 14 days after the incubator successful applicants can receive up to a £10,000 capital injection and a start date for their priceless mentoring. Sound good? Go ahead and apply today using the form below to give your business the Kickstart it needs - it's LIFE CHANGING... Apply Now Rockstar Group is the UK’s No 1 organisation supporting new and existing entrepreneurs through Mentorship & Funding. Rockstar Youth help 18-30 year olds become successful entrepreneurs by helping them access the £112 million Government fund available to them through the James Caan and David Cameron backed Start up Loans initiative. They then support you in establishment and growth with their heavy weight team of mentors, business people who have scaled and sold their own businesses for an average of £18million! They have made it happen for hundreds already, now they want to make it happen for you... When Can I Attend the Business Incubator Days? The Business Incubator is a high energy day where you get FREE EXPERT ADVICE and guidance about your business idea and help to focus on driving SALES into your business with focused pitch development and networking activities. The end result will be either "YES" or recommendations for changes "Not yet". Those with a "YES" will receive up to a £10,000 capital injection and a start date for their mentoring.With KISS DJs and industry experts on hand at the following Business Incubator Days, don't miss your chance to attend. Join KISS & Rockstar Youth Business Incubator Days on... 20th April 2013 in London at BPP Law School Waterloo, 137 Stamford Street, London, SE1 9NN with Kiss's Charlie 21st April in London with KISS's AJ 27th April 2013 in Bristol at Cutlers Hall with Kiss's AJ KISS Rockstar Youth Kiss Start Up Loans
http://madamenoire.com/266350/aaron-mcgruder-and-the-kickstarter-fundraising-flop-were-people-really-ready-for-a-live-action-uncle-ruckus-movie/
Job Search MN Business Behind The Click The Hustle Higher Education Politics Small Business Spotlight Tech Talk Career Jobs Entertainment Bet You Didn't Know Pass or Play? Reality TV Where Are They Now Quizzes Love Ask A Very Smart Brotha Evening Eye Candy Straight From His Mouth True Life Hair Beauty Fashion Health Living Monday's Madame News Video Destination LA Ask A Black Man Celebrity Interviews Mommy In Chief Home Savvy She's the Boss Parenting MommyNoire Follow MadameNoire on Instagram Follow MadameNoire on Tumblr Like MadameNoire on Facebook Follow MadameNoire on Twitter Subscribe to MadameNoire on YouTube Follow MadameNoire on Pinterest Follow MadameNoire on Google+ Subscribe to MadameNoire Aaron McGruder And The Kickstarter Fundraising Failure: Were People Really Ready For A Live-Action Uncle Ruckus Movie? 11 comments March 11, 2013 ‐ By Charing Ball Nearly a month and a half ago, Aaron McGruder, creator behind the wildly popular The Boondocks comic strip and animated series, took to Kickstarter and pitched to the fans of the show, a live-action big screen version of Uncle Ruckus, everybody’s favorite self-hating Negro. According to the appeal page, the proposed film, which had no investors nor distribution commitments, is currently still in the draft stages. However, while no definite script had been completed, McGruder wrote that the proposed film would definitely be R-rated and featured Gary Anthony Williams, who does the voice of Uncle Ruckus on the animated series. Additionally, none of the other regular Boondocks characters, including Huey and Riley, from either the series or the strip, would be featured in the film. Instead, the proposed movie would “explore a part of the Ruckus family not seen in the show.” Perhaps, hoping to bypass possible questions as to why not a full-length, live action Boondocks film, or even animated feature with all of our favorites, McGruder explained that a live-action Huey and Riley would be “essentially impossible to cast.” For some reason he didn’t elaborate on it, but he said a live action Uncle Ruckus movie would only cost a fraction of the estimated 20 million dollars it would cost to produce an animated feature Boondocks film. Writes McGruder: “This whole thing is kind of an odd idea, so we’re starting with Kickstarter on this one and we’ll just see what happens. Crowd funding, however, is a big deal. It represents an entirely new relationship between fan and creator. It also represents a new financial model for making stuff, and that’s exciting. Uncle Ruckus has a lot of supporters out there. If they want this to happen, they can make it happen.” That was on February 1. About 30 days later, the project fell short of its $200,000 goal by a little over 70 thousand dollars. This is even after daily plugs via social media sites and online publications, as well as taking live-action Ruckus on the road to places like the NAACP Image Awards. At a time when folks rightfully sound off about the lack of quality entertainment, particularly black entertainment, a smart and funny comedy should have been an easy sell. Yet for all of the show’s supporters, and judging by the animated series’ Facebook Fan Page, there are at least 6.3. million of them, so you have to wonder why McGruder struggled and eventually failed to raise a measly 200k. Maybe it has something to do with Aaron McGruder the person? Despite the large fan base, McGruder’s work, particularly the unabashed and unrelenting way he goes in on black culture, has been known to spark a visceral response among some viewers, who question whether or not he actually has love for the black community at all. Most specifically among some folks, who take issue with McGruder’s almost pathological attacks on black women. I have written previously about the lack of positive black women on his animated series, particularly how women are either portrayed as dimwitted, prostitutes and gold diggers.  Likewise, his satirical lampooning of Tyler Perry on the “Pause” episode  from the animated series, particularly hinting that the black Hollywood mogul might be a closeted homosexual, not only drew ire from Perry himself, but also sparked a whirlwind of criticism for perpetuating stereotypes about black sexuality and identity. Or as Mark Anthony Neal pointed out on his blog, New Black Man (In Exile): “As Perry is a man who has essentially built a career and empire on his cross-dressing alter ego, McGruder sloppily links Perry’s performance of Madea to rumors of his homosexuality. McGruder’s depiction of Winston Jerome as effeminate is demeaning and homophobic, in the suggestion that homosexuality is tethered to gender (i.e. gay men really want to be women or lesbians really want to be men). In that there is a rich comedic and literary tradition of cross-dressing by black men and women, there is nothing remarkable about Perry’s performance. What marks Perry’s performance as notable, is that his intent is quite different from earlier performances of cross-dressing—Flip Wilson, Moms Mabley, Grace Jones, to name just a few, which often employed gender bending to offer comment on middle class mores of respectability. In comparison, Perry deploys Aunt Madea to actually buttress those mores—Madea is little more than black patriarchy in drag, a doppelganger for the all the wannabe prosperity (pimps) preachers.” Regardless of how one feels about either of these criticisms of McGruder’s work, you have to admit that as a polarizing figure, he doesn’t exactly illicit trust or even inspire folks to want to blindly support, especially not financially. And especially not with a film centered around a self-hating Negro like the Uncle Ruckus character, which leads me to my next point: who really wants to see a black man make anti-black jokes for 90 minutes or more? Perhaps that might appeal to racist white (and other) folks and the self-hating Negros amongst us, but what is usually a funny yet brief wink-wink-nudge on a 30 minute (20 if you take out all the commercial breaks) series has the potential to quickly turn into an awkward modern-day version of Stepin Fetchit. Although, a part of me was and still is curious about what a film around Uncle Ruckus’ family might look like. Just based on McGruder’s previous offerings, I wouldn’t be surprised if it turned out to be a another tongue-and-cheek swipe at Perry, particularly Meet the Browns or any of his Madea films. However, that is all just speculation. And that’s my point. Without clear concept, including a finished script, there was really nothing much for folks to go on. And without much to go on, we are back to that whole trust thing again. Yet whatever objections folks might have over how he represents black people, or even the lack of clarity of this film project in general, probably dwarf the fact that ultimately, people just weren’t enthused about the idea of a live action film. In fact, a quick scroll through the comments on the animated series’ Facebook Fan Page revealed that even among his most ardent supporters was a strong backlash to the project. Instead, fans felt that McGruder should be focusing his time and energy on getting a season four of the popular animated series back to television. And as Jasmine Golphin writes for Shadow and Act: Most people were concerned this film was going to be in lieu of a forth season, which they (we) have been waiting three years for.  There was an announcement made in May 2012, two actually, but that was the last update anyone got from the page.  A quick reminder that season four is in fact happening would have helped silence some detractors. Activity on the fan page has been pretty much muted since the project failed to reach its fundraising goals. And so far, McGruder has not announced whether or not he would continue with the Uncle Ruckus live-action film project, despite its lack of appeal to fans. Although he failed miserably, McGruder should be applauded for his attempt to at least engage his fans and for attempting to make them part of his work. However, his failure too should also serve as a lesson that when you’re trying to be ambitious, particularly with a project, which might go against the grain of what folks want to see, you might just have to do it on your own. Sometimes, folks don’t know what they want until you give it to them. Like this article? You'll adore our newsletter. Sign Up Here tags: aaron mcgruder, charing ball, Fundraiser, Gary Anthony Williams, kickstarter, the boondocks, Uncle Ruckus 11 Comments More from Styleblazer More from Mommynoire MadameNoire Video Black Teen Records Himself Being Followed By Store Clerks: ‘There She Go! She Thinks I’m Stealing!’ “I’ve Loved You For About All My Life”: Check Out Victor Cruz’s Emotional Proposal To Elaina Watley Keke Palmer Talks Rihanna Navy Coming For Her And Maintaining A Relationship With God Master P Apologizes To HIs Wife And Explains Why He Missed That Custody Hearing On Wendy Comment Disclaimer: Comments that contain profane or derogatory language, video links or exceed 200 words will require approval by a moderator before appearing in the comment section. XOXO-MN Mike Thrash OK – I want to get back to the Tyler Perry issue: you have to admit – Perry comes off as gay. I, myself, am as far as you can get from being a homophobe, but Tyler Perry is absolutely closeted. I don’t care about him cross dressing – it’s a character for entertainment purposes. I’m talking about Tyler Perry the person. Of course he’s going to deny and get upset with Aaron – he’s been publicly called out! At this point, for him to come out would be suicidal to his career, because, let’s face it: most of us in the black community, especially the males, have not exactly been welcoming of homosexuals. When an entire culture is based on machismo and the young people have even adopted sayings like ‘No homo’ when hugging each other, then there’s a definite problem amongst black folks and gays, even if the person happens to be black. Perry’s in a tough spot. I really like him and his movies, but he’s afraid to come out and I can’t blame him, even though, it would mean so much to kids who are hurting because they themselves are stuck in the closet. http://twitter.com/docbndgrl9113 Keesha (Киша) I know it would’ve been expensive to make a Boondocks movie, but I would’ve loved that idea much better. Uncle Ruckus is a funny character, but I would like to see the other characters from The Boondocks as well. http://www.facebook.com/nehes.baarayay Nehes Ba’a Rayay with the HEAVY bombardment of negro movies that came out and re-shaped the idea of the Negroid..it’s not a wise idea to bring this film out..especially when our people don’t have any true sense of our roots. sha It will only be good if he can create a character that we love to hate for hating himself and us like Steven from Django. Now that was Uncle Ruckus in full form!!! He may be owed some money! moonrose4me We have black people have enough hurtful stereotypes to combat in America, we don’t need another movie that based on them for others to mock and laugh at. jigga boo Then go watch a tyler perry movie… you are the type of person who says they love being black but as soon as a white guy says the exact same phrase “its rasist” Mr.R What? lol SheBe So it’s ok for black folks to talk about the very same topics that McGruder portrays on the animated series to their friends behind closed doors but its not ok for someone to bring to the forefront in a public way? Ok got it… http://www.facebook.com/amanda.browne.7165 Amanda D. Browne An Uncle Ruckus movie would be funny as hell and I’d definitely go see it. lol Mr.R I expect someone like you to enjoy that kind of movie. JonathanOuwens Because it’d be funny as hell? Connect with us Follow us on Twitter Like us on Facebook Stay in the know. Sign up for the newsletter. Subscribe to MadameNoire on YouTube! More Popular Stories Views Comments   Kevin Durant And WNBA Star Fiancée Monica Wright Split, And She Blames It On A Difference In Religious Beliefs 239,388 Views You’ll Never Guess Whose Cute Kid This Is… 88,543 Views Teen Missionary Confesses To Raping Children At Kenyan Orphanage 84,144 Views Are You Ready? “The Best Man Wedding” Set To Debut In 2016 56,425 Views “It Looks Like A Bottle Of Febreeze” Groupie Claims August Alsina’s Penis Is So Big It Ruptured Her Cervix 56,234 Views Kevin Durant And WNBA Star Fiancée Monica Wright Split, And She Blames It On A Difference In Religious Beliefs 463 Comments Great News: Charges Dropped Against Shanesha Taylor 176 Comments Apollo Nida Says Marriage Is Probably Over: ‘My Wife Didn’t F—ing Show Up For My Sentencing’ 129 Comments Why I Think Honorary Greek Inductions Are Unfair 151 Comments UPDATE: Agency Apologizes For Shady “Straight Outta Compton” Casting Call, But Did It Really Promote Colorism? 94 Comments 12 Reasons Why We're Loving Hilary Duff In 2014 » The Bizarre Thing That Makes Him Twice As Likely To Cheat On » Stop Being Afraid Of Life, And Start Living It » Eye Candy: 17 Gorgeous Guys With Locs On Instagram » Your Morning Tea: Michelle Rodriguez's 'New Life, New Vibe'  » The (Style) Streets Are Talking: Christian Siriano Gets Real » Hearty And Healthy Breakfast: Spinach and Bacon Quiche » Watch It: Pharrell "Come Get It Bae" » Mommy And Me: Yaya Dacosta And Son Sankara Alafia » Who Needs Cable? 10 Online Shows Worth A Watch » Exclusive: Franchesca Ramsey Talks Setting Goals And Achievi » KKK Reaches Out To Black Community In Efforts Against Undocu » MN Business Entertainment Love Hair Beauty Fashion Health Living News Video Parenting Instagram Tumblr Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Pinterest About  • Advertising  • Contact Us  • Privacy  • Terms of Use  • Archive  • Sitemap MadameNoire is a sophisticated lifestyle publication that gives African-American women the latest in fashion trends, black entertainment news, parenting tips and beauty secrets that are specifically for black women. Black women seek information on a wide variety of topics including African-American hair care, health issues, relationship advice and career trends - and MadameNoire provides all of that. MadameNoire ® Copyright © 2010-2014 Moguldom Media Group. All Rights Reserved | Moguldom Multicultural
http://www.hypebot.com/hypebot/2013/02/bjorks-kickstarter-failed-because-it-was-lame.html
Why Did Bjork's Kickstarter Fail? It Was Lame - hypebot hypebot digital music and the music business Home D.I.Y. Music Tech Social Media Music Biz More News MusicThinkTank « Agile Marketing For DIY Musicians | Main | Switchcam Now Produces Broadcast-Quality Crowdsourced Music Concert Videos » Why Did Bjork's Kickstarter Fail? It Was Lame By Mike Masnick of Techdirt. Nearly two years ago, we had a post pointing out that it was silly for people to complain when the "rich and famous" made use of platforms like Kickstarter. That story was about Tom Hanks' son Colin looking for funds to complete a documentary. As we noted, it made perfect sense to use Kickstarter, since it's also a nice marketing platform and a way to connect with fans. I don't understand why this seems to get people up in arms, but it continues to this day. You may have heard about the high profile failure of Bjork's Kickstarter campaign. She sought £375,000 not for a new album, but to make a port of her last album's app, Biophillia, from iOS to Android and Windows 8. The original Biophilia won some rave reviews for pushing the boundaries of what an album was... but also was widely criticized for being platform specific to iOS. When it came out, Bjork said she hoped that those on other platforms would just "pirate" it, but we never understood why she didn't release it on multiple platforms. Apparently, the answer was that however the app was designed, it would be insanely expensive to port to other platforms. That seems like much more of a design mistake than anything else. It seems likely that her project failed for a few key reasons, including that it was just about porting an app that came out years ago, rather than anything new. Also, the "rewards" were somewhat unimpressive. And, of course, Bjork fans who were iPhone users had little reason to contribute as well. There's also the big one: unlike some other stars, Bjork really hasn't embraced connecting and communicating with her fans. That's her choice, of course. No one says she needs to. But, it's much harder to raise a ton of crowdfunded money that way. Still, many are saying that the project failed because she's rich and famous and could have just paid for everything herself. But that seems silly. There are plenty of ways that the rich and famous can make use of crowdfunding and plenty of reasons why it makes sense to do so. The project failed because it was a bad project for crowdfunding, and because Bjork isn't necessarily connected with her fans in a way that makes sense for crowdfunding. Amanda Palmer, who remains an example of "doing Kickstarter right" has weighed in on this issue, making some really good points about why anyone should be able to use Kickstarter, even the rich and famous. Here are a few snippets, but the whole thing is worth reading: crowdfunding should, by its very nature, be available to EVERYBODY.... here's what i think: THE MARKET IS EFFICIENT. if ANYBODY wants to give a go at having the community help them with a project, that’s the ARTISTS prerogative. if it fails, then the interest wasn't there. it should't matter if it's justin bieber, obama, the new kids of the block reunion project, lance armstrong, oprah, or the friendless 18-year old down the street who's been hiding in his bedroom making EDM music. ANYBODY CAN ASK. that's democracy. and since crowdfunding is – by definition – in the hands of the community: THE COMMUNITY WILL DETERMINE WHETHER A PROJECT IS SUCCESSFUL. And yet, people still get upset. To some extent, this feels a bit like "hipsterism." People feel that these platforms are special because the rich and famous haven't necessarily discovered them yet. But why is it so wrong if they do find them and do use them? If people want to support the projects they will, and if they don't, they won't. That's what makes these platforms so useful. [Bjork thumbnail courtesy thetripwirenyc.]   Related articles 2012: The Year Music Crowdfunding Broke Top 10 Music Kickstarters Of 2012 15 Top Tips For Successful Music Crowdfunding And Fan Funding Campaigns Björk Crowdfunds Biophilia App For Education But Will It Reach The Poor Kids? Guest Post on 02/18/2013 in D.I.Y., Music Tech | Permalink Comments You can follow this conversation by subscribing to the comment feed for this post. I agree about Bjork not having a deep connection via social media, plus the idea of an older album being ported over to Android as a low key issue for people, but I think that it happened for one main reason: the public perception of Kickstarter is that it's bootstrapping operation. The people that win the day are the underdogs. Posted by: Corey Tate - www.spacelab.tv | 02/18/2013 at 11:24 AM Amanda Palmer may have "done Kickstarter right," but she's hardly a glowing example of how to interact with fans - and fellow musicians. http://www.prefixmag.com/news/amanda-palmer-cant-afford-to-pay-her-backup-band/69017/ Posted by: Chris Greene | 02/18/2013 at 04:14 PM I don't care if anyone thinks it's "democracy" and "they have the right to do it"....The 99% are sick and tired of the super-rich controlling how our money is taxed and distributed in ways that benefit them even more. Meanwhile, the rest of us are left starving, without basic healthcare and education, fighting each other over the scraps that are left. Why they hell should I EVER give ANY of my hard-earned money to someone who's far richer than I'll ever be? If it's about "exposure", well, I'm sure they can afford to hire someone to work social media for them. Or just be rude to their fans, overdose on drugs or make a porn video to gain notoriety. There IS one useful aspect to the rich & famous using Kickstarter -- if they have a REALLY dumb idea, the public will let them know...with a resounding silence. Posted by: Sybil A. | 02/20/2013 at 02:49 PM Great post, Mike. I think that we're going through a phase as well where we're intensely interested in new music and distribution technologies, and these can go a long way, but perhaps the artistic momentum, or the heart/soul of this particular project, just didn't hold it together. It's easy to forget that it needs to be absolutely compelling on a human level. Nice work simplifying the public's perception of crowd funding - I think you're right there. If they feel it's valuable, they'll support it. If not, they won't. Bickering won't really help that! Posted by: James Moore | 02/24/2013 at 10:03 PM I think that my kickstarter was successful because it was already my full time job. Bjork was known for her music and not her hustle. Kickstarter is a full-time job and if she doesn't do it full-time, she doesn't understand how it will work. if she was on face-book and twitter all day, it would work. Posted by: Koshadillz | 02/26/2013 at 11:38 PM I just came across this post because I had heard about Bjork's Kickstarter campaign at its outset but hadn't heard what became of it. Just a comment on the title: this is a thoughtful, well written piece that covers a lot of interesting issues, but I almost skipped reading it because "It Was Lame" just sounded like hater-speak. This article deserves a better title. Posted by: Mark Davis | 07/17/2013 at 12:09 PM Yep, you nailed it Posted by: Martin Gaines | 11/08/2013 at 06:46 PM var c943723d42e77e9214eb884a1d898za = '" method="post"> '; The comments to this entry are closed.     VIDEOS      These videos... TOP POSTS What Does A Major Act Make For A Concert? [Price List] 365 Days Of Major Live Nation Concerts Free Online Jack White's Effect On The World Of Vinyl The Value Of Giving Away Your Music For Free Why People Aren't Watching Your Videos Soundcloud Stumbles Spotify U.S. Turns 3 Recent Comments David MacDonald on What A Digitally Native Music Consumer Looks Like [INFOGRAPHIC] Des on How To Get Your Band's Music Tagged On Facebook Dave Schneider on Marketing Your Music Blog With Just 3 Tools JR on How Some Managers and Agents Benefit From Piracy and Low-Paying Streaming Music George K on Ex-Google, SoundExchange Execs Launch Startup To Bring Gaming Revenue Model To Music mason on Ex-Google, SoundExchange Execs Launch Startup To Bring Gaming Revenue Model To Music Jonatan Wibe on Lessons Learned From Recent Music App ‘Fails’ Steve on The Eroding Prospects For Rock Cover Bands Edward Jennings on YouTube Music Product Manager Christopher LaRosa Quitting To Join A Startup Martin Rowell on The Eroding Prospects For Rock Cover Bands Musician & Music Industry Resources Click Here SEARCH HYPEBOT Categories Ad Supported Apps & Mobile Broadcast & Satellite Conventions & Awards D.I.Y. Downloads & P2P How I Listen Indie Labels Interviews Jobs & Internships Live & Touring Major Labels Marketing More News Music 2.0 Music Business Music Tech Music Think Tank Publishing Retail Social Media Startups Streaming & Cloud Upward Spiral Podcast Video &lt;a href=&quot;http://finance.yahoo.com&quot;&gt;Yahoo! Finance&lt;/a&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;a href=&quot;http://finance.yahoo.com/q?s=AAPL&quot;&gt;Quote for AAPL&lt;/a&gt; More Info About & Contact Advertise On Hypebot Privacy Policy Skyline Music Affiliate Links The Hypebot Team Recent Posts Marketing Your Music By Liveblogging At Reddit Live Are All-Or-Nothing Music Crowdfunding Campaigns Superior To Flexible Funding? Shoutcast Launches Hosted Web Radio Service With Monetization Options What A Digitally Native Music Consumer Looks Like [INFOGRAPHIC] How To Get Your Band's Music Tagged On Facebook Facebook By The Numbers: A Quick Look At Impressive New User Stats Alligator Record's Bruce Iglaur Wins Digital Music Innovation Award Spotify's Most Streamed & Viral Tracks US, UK & Global AM NEWS BRIEF: Facebook Soars, Duran Duran Sues Fan Club, Soundtracker, Spotify, Xbox Music & More YouTube Music Product Manager Christopher LaRosa Quitting To Join A Startup Contact Twitter Advertise Music Think Tank Skyline Music Jobs Board
http://www.edn.com/electronics-blogs/the-workbench/4409893/DESIGN-West--How-to-fund-your-tech-startup-with-Kickstarter2
datasheets.com EBN.com EDN.com EETimes.com Embedded.com PlanetAnalog.com TechOnline.com   Events ▼ EE Live! DesignCon ESC Brazil ESC India ARM TechCon Designers of Things UBM Tech UBM Tech ▼ datasheets.com EBN.com EDN.com EETimes.com Embedded.com PlanetAnalog.com TechOnline.com EDN About Us· Subscribe to Newsletters DESIGN CENTERS Latest Analog Automotive Components|Pkging Consumer Designcon DIY IC Design LEDs Medical PCB Power Management Sensors Systems Design Test|Measurement Wireless|Networking Loading... TOOLS & LEARNING Latest Design Tools Products Teardowns Fundamentals Courses Webinars Tech Papers Courses EDN TV Mouser New Products Loading... COMMUNITY Latest Blogs Design Ideas Events Loading... CONNECT WITH EDN ON TWITTER ON FACEBOOK ON LINKEDIN EDN VAULT Latest Collections Issue Archives Loading... Search   DESIGN CENTERS Analog Automotive Components|Pkging Consumer DIY IC Design LEDs Medical PCB Power Management Sensors Systems Design Test|Measurement Wireless|Networking TOOLS & LEARNING Design Tools Products Teardowns Fundamentals Courses Webinars Tech Papers Courses Mouser New Products COMMUNITY Blogs Design Ideas Events EDN VAULT Collections Issue Archives Home> Community > Blogs > The Workbench DESIGN West: How to fund your tech startup with Kickstarter R Colin Johnson -March 13, 2013 Tweet Save Follow Save to My Library Follow Comments Follow Author PRINT PDF EMAIL Does your entrepreneurial idea have a shot at crowd-sourced financing? What would you need to do to ensure your crowd-funded, startup is successful? Find out the answers to these questions and more at the DESIGN West session Why I Failed Kickstarter and My Friends Didn't, on Wednesday, April  24 in San Jose, Calif. [Click here to register for DESIGN West 2013, April 22-25 at the San Jose McEnery Convention Center. Options range from an All-Access Pass -- which includes Black Hat (security) Conference Session to Free Expo Admission]. Bob Baddeley, founder of Portable Scores will describe two Kickstarter projects which were launched on the same day. He'll analyze why he believes his friend's launch succeeded at Nomiku but his own Portable Scores failed to reach its funding goal. He'll also tell how he resurrected his failed project by emulating other successful campaigns at Kickstarter. "Running a crowdfunding campaign takes a lot of work," said Baddeley. "You need to be very well prepared and go after every media outlet if you hope to attract enough attention." After Baddeley graduated as a Computer Engineer from Oregon State University he worked for seven years at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory doing government research before brain-storming Portable Scores. His idea was to provide an inexpensive portable scoreboard for soccer, baseball, football and other sports like boxing where their are typically no professional scoreboards available. Portable Scores founder Bob Baddeley snext to his tri-pod mounted scoreboard, which can be updated via remote control or smartphone app. "I just noticed that most of the sports I participate in are played at venues that did not have a scoreboard," said Baddelely. "My friends and I were just tired of forgetting the score, turn or time left, so I founded Portable Scores." His first job was to build a prototype, for which he applied to HAXLR8R, a venture fund which sponsors a three-month junket to Shenzhen China twice a year where it plugs entrepreneurs into the realities of mass production. In exchange for an equity interest it provides seed funding, lab and office space, as well as mentorship while startups craft working prototypes capable of being mass produced. "HAXLR8R took over 100 applications and chose 10 winners to go to China, including both Portable Scores and Nomiku," said Baddeley. "We visited factories in China and learned how to design our prototypes for mass production." Upon returning to the U.S., all the prototypes were displayed on HAXLR8R Demo Day where traditional venture capitalists and angle investors were invited to view them. Unfortunately, none offered to provide the funding necessary to do an initial manufacturing run in a Chinese factory. Tweet Save Follow Save to My Library Follow Comments Follow Author PRINT PDF EMAIL Next: Second shot < Previous Page 1 of 2 Next > Loading comments... Write a Comment To comment please Log In MOST RECENT Leveraging open source for your UI at EE Live! Screw-block proto-shield for Arduino Kickstarter project is live! Hackers show how to secure embedded systems at EE Live! January 2014 eFlea breakfast The home lab of Bo Lojek DC distribution in your house and 42-V cars PCB layout tips for thermal vias The 1955 Heathkit 500V PS-3 power supply Instrumentation made simple and modern Silicon Valley Maker Faire 2013 wrap up Most Popular Most Commented Accidental engineering: 10 mistakes turned into innovation That 60W-equivalent LED: What you don’t know, and what no one will tell you… 6 famous people you may not know are engineers DC distribution in your house and 42-V cars 10 tips for a successful engineering resume The 5 greatest engineers of all time Higgs Pt. 9: What makes King Carl XVI Gustaf think it’s the Higgs Boson? A microwave oven fire 10 things you may not know about Tesla Analog Fundamentals: Instrumentation for impedance measurement Still made in the USA Could your product be exempt from EMC testing? Sonic Shock That 60W-equivalent LED: What you don’t know, and what no one will tell you… Quick & dirty cable length & impedance measurement Don't major in CS: 5 reasons why Test gets no respect Review: Tecsun PL-360 "EMI" receiver Review: Signal Hound BB60C real time 6 GHz spectrum analyzer Test power ICs to survive radiation RELATED CONTENT Pick your favorite contributor; winner gets $5000! Bob Dobkin: Mentor and motivator to young engineers Open-source hardware offering gains crowdfunding option Instrumentation made simple and modern Zener test circuit serves as dc source FEATURED RESOURCES Subscribe to RSS: or Analog Automotive Comms|Networking Components|Pkging Consumer DIY IC Design LEDs Medical PCB Power Management Sensors Systems Design Test & Measurement Blogs Design Ideas Products Tools DESIGN CENTERS MORE EDN Analog Automotive Components & Packaging Consumer DIY IC Design LEDs Medical PCB Power Management Sensors Systems Design Test & Measurement Wireless/Networking Blogs Design Ideas Tech Papers Courses Webinars EDN TV Events About Us SUBSCRIBE TODAY! SUBSCRIBE TO NEWSLETTERS TODAY!  DON'T MISS ANOTHER ISSUE OF EDN IN YOUR INBOX! GLOBAL NETWORK EE Times Asia EE Times China EE Times Europe EE Times India EE Times Japan EE Times Korea EE Times Taiwan EDN Asia EDN China EDN Japan TechOnline India ESC Brazil ESC India FEATURED UBM TECH SITES: EE Times | EBN | EDN | DataSheets.com | Embedded | TechOnline | Planet Analog OUR MARKETS: Business Technology | Electronics | Game & App Development Working With Us: Advertising Contacts | Event Calendar | Tech Marketing Solutions | Corporate Site | Contact Us / Feedback Terms of Service | Privacy Statement | Copyright © 2014 UBM Tech, All rights reserved
http://www.eetimes.com/document.asp?doc_id=1263069
datasheets.com EBN.com EDN.com EETimes.com Embedded.com PlanetAnalog.com TechOnline.com   Events ▼ EE Live! DesignCon ESC Brazil ARM Techcon ESC India Designers of Things UBM Tech UBM Tech ▼ datasheets.com EBN.com EDN.com EETimes.com Embedded.com PlanetAnalog.com TechOnline.com TMWorld.com About Us | Newsletter Sign Up | Mobile Site Home News Opinion Messages Video Slideshows Education EELife Events Android Automotive Embedded Industrial Control Internet of Things MCU Medical Memory Open Source PCB Planet Analog Power Management Programmable Logic Prototyping SoC Test & Measurement Wireless & Networking Breaking News NEWS & ANALYSIS: DARPA's Chip Office Reboots to Tackle Cost & ... BLOG: Apollo 11 Inspired Generations of Innovators NEWS & ANALYSIS: Smartwatches Suck, Says Pebble Backer NEWS & ANALYSIS: Broadcom Cuts 2,500 jobs NEWS & ANALYSIS: AMS, Dialog Merger Talks Fail NEWS & ANALYSIS: NAND Suit: Toshiba Seeks $1.1B From SK Hynix News & Analysis DESIGN West: How to win with Kickstarter R. Colin Johnson 2/19/2013 03:39 PM EST 9 comments NO RATINGS Login to Rate Tweet Does your entrepreneurial idea have a shot at crowd-sourced financing? What would you need to do to ensure your crowd-funded, startup is successful? Find out the answers to these questions and more at the DESIGN West session Why I Failed Kickstarter and My Friends Didn't, on Wednesday, April  24 in San Jose, Calif. [Click here to register for DesignCon 2013, April 22-25 at the San Jose McEnery Convention Center. Options range from an All-Access Pass -- which includes Black Hat (security) Conference Session to Free Expo Admission]. Bob Baddeley, founder of Portable Scores will describe two Kickstarter projects which were launched on the same day. He'll analyze why he believes his friend's launch succeeded at Nomiku but his own Portable Scores failed to reach its funding goal. He'll also tell how he resurrected his failed project by emulating other successful campaigns at Kickstarter. "Running a crowdfunding campaign takes a lot of work," said Baddeley. "You need to be very well prepared and go after every media outlet if you hope to attract enough attention." After Baddeley graduated as a Computer Engineer from Oregon State University he worked for seven years at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory doing government research before brain-storming Portable Scores. His idea was to provide an inexpensive portable scoreboard for soccer, baseball, football and other sports like boxing where their are typically no professional scoreboards available. Portable Scores founder Bob Baddeley snext to his tri-pod mounted scoreboard, which can be updated via remote control or smartphone app. "I just noticed that most of the sports I participate in are played at venues that did not have a scoreboard," said Baddelely. "My friends and I were just tired of forgetting the score, turn or time left, so I founded Portable Scores." His first job was to build a prototype, for which he applied to HAXLR8R, a venture fund which sponsors a three-month junket to Shenzhen China twice a year where it plugs entrepreneurs into the realities of mass production. In exchange for an equity interest it provides seed funding, lab and office space, as well as mentorship while startups craft working prototypes capable of being mass produced. "HAXLR8R took over 100 applications and chose 10 winners to go to China, including both Portable Scores and Nomiku," said Baddeley. "We visited factories in China and learned how to design our prototypes for mass production." Upon returning to the U.S., all the prototypes were displayed on HAXLR8R Demo Day where traditional venture capitalists and angle investors were invited to view them. Unfortunately, none offered to provide the funding necessary to do an initial manufacturing run in a Chinese factory. Email This Print Comment Page 1 / 2 Next > More Related Links AMS, Dialog Merger Talks Fail MIT Wrist-Robot Adds Extra Fingers Apple-IBM Deal: Trouble for Google, Microsoft Engineering Ethics Into A Robot Micro Sensor Monitors Properties of Liquids Comments View Comments: Newest First | Oldest First | Threaded View [close this box] User Rank Manager re: DESIGN West: How to win with Kickstarter resistion   3/31/2013 11:11:38 PM NO RATINGS Login to Rate How did the Chinese get involved in helping startups. It's very venture capitalistic of them. Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank Manager re: DESIGN West: How to win with Kickstarter resistion   3/31/2013 11:10:09 PM NO RATINGS Login to Rate Seems funding goals need to approach million to succeed? Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank Rookie re: DESIGN West: How to win with Kickstarter Cosma.Pabouctsidis_#2   3/31/2013 8:58:50 AM NO RATINGS Login to Rate I recently pulled out a kickstarter project after it had gathered only $1K of the $25K goal, with one week left to go. It was a univeral super-IO card for the Raspberry PI computer. Given the buzz around the PI, and the 1M units they sold, I expected a rush. I'm still not sure why it failed but one thing is certain: posting a project alone is not sufficient. It is up to you to draw attention to it. I posted notice to the most popular Raspberry PI forums and got some attention, but that was not enough to get traction. I will be reposting soon with lower funding target, new rewards, photos of a real prototype (was 3D rendering before). Wish me luck. Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank Rookie re: DESIGN West: How to win with Kickstarter EVprofessor   3/26/2013 6:44:09 PM NO RATINGS Login to Rate Biggest problem with Kickstarter is they only accept PROJECT funding, No BUSINESS start-ups or funding. must have a start and ending result . Also the SEC has NOT completed the specifics on applying the JOBS Act and probably will not until some time in 2014 or 2015...so you cannot use any crowd funding to buy "Equity" in your company !!! I have tried "Indiegogo" But only artsy and humanitarian stuff gets funding from the readership... Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank Rookie re: DESIGN West: How to win with Kickstarter Robotics Developer   2/24/2013 3:42:55 AM NO RATINGS Login to Rate I think in many cases there is an attraction to either a large group (say techies) or a real market for the product (low cost neat gadget). If a product has the "that is really cool I want one" factor it is more likely to be funded. Even good ideas may not get the attention and funding needed. I am sure that marketing and getting the word out is a big help. Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank Rookie re: DESIGN West: How to win with Kickstarter kjdsfkjdshfkdshfvc   2/22/2013 4:40:28 PM NO RATINGS Login to Rate Great info, thanks! http://bit.ly/dI3hcF Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank Rookie re: DESIGN West: How to win with Kickstarter maryl19   2/21/2013 5:23:11 PM NO RATINGS Login to Rate Actually, market size on this is much larger than the venues alone. My niece has played softball since she was 8. Many of the places where she played had no affiliation with the team she was playing on. I can see this being marketed to teams or sports organizations, not venues. Being portable, a team or organization can invest in one or more and move it from event to event. Having attended many of my nieces games where parents were constantly bugging the score keeper for the current score, this would have made a big difference. Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank CEO re: DESIGN West: How to win with Kickstarter DrQuine   2/21/2013 12:30:13 AM NO RATINGS Login to Rate (the most successful projects have a viral video that triggers impulse purchases and builds up the "buzz") Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank CEO re: DESIGN West: How to win with Kickstarter DrQuine   2/21/2013 12:28:52 AM NO RATINGS Login to Rate Another consideration is market size. Many Kickstarter projects appear to a very wide audience. A scoreboard, on the other hand, need only be purchased once per venue. While the players would appreciate it, only the venue owner (school) is likely to buy and they're not well positioned to make impulsive investments in uncertain projects. They are also likely to seek a permanent installation rather than a lightweight portable unit which might get broken or taken. Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board Most Recent Comments                 7/24/2014 1:05:47 PM Etmax Made Doctor Who's intro more interesting though :-) 7/24/2014 1:05:47 PM Etmax Made Doctor Who's intro more interesting though :-) 7/24/2014 1:05:43 PM AZskibum Keep it simple, of course, and fashionable, and with much longer battery life, and with a small enough number of use cases so that it can remain...simple. Those are tall orders... 7/24/2014 12:56:50 PM scud Before acquiring Renesas, there were large layoffs on both sides - Broadcom as well as Renesas - to the tune of 30 to 40%. The remaining team was legacy Broadcom and the acquired... 7/24/2014 12:52:45 PM marc112 I wonder why they decided to give up on their smartphone, is the iPhone so strong that they pushed the competition out of the market?  They could have always adapt though,... 7/24/2014 12:44:28 PM junko.yoshida @alex_m1, you wrote:  Define a lot of the niche use cases of wearables  As you listed at the end of your comment, those niche use-cases are truly "niche" and they... 7/24/2014 12:42:20 PM pedro-juan I agree with slipoff about reading comments from people who have never tried a smartwatch. I have the original Pebble and I find it invaluable. I don't know where the assertion... 7/24/2014 12:34:52 PM pseudoid Theremini is the true reincarnation of the "AirGuitar" that would even make Keith Emerson proud, especially since he is right handed.  I am surprised that the masterminds... 7/24/2014 12:26:51 PM nate-buddy-chucker I'm surprised how many people talking about Smartwatches don't actually have one.  Is that because there's little perceived value in them?  Seems likely. I have a smartwatch.... 7/24/2014 12:22:03 PM rick merritt I'd love to hear Imagination proivide some numbers on power consumption and die area based on simulations which I am sure they have by now. Navigate to Related Links AMS, Dialog Merger Talks Fail MIT Wrist-Robot Adds Extra Fingers Apple-IBM Deal: Trouble for Google, Microsoft Engineering Ethics Into A Robot Micro Sensor Monitors Properties of Liquids Most Commented Most Popular  168   June's Cartoon Caption Contest Is an Armful!!  133   Desktop Pick-&-Place Machine: An ...  128   July Cartoon Caption Contest: Let's Talk ...  127   The Coagulated & Curdled Custard of Despair  98   Creating Gender-Neutral Engineering Prose: ...  87   May's Cartoon Caption Contest  84   Convince Me Why Washer Must Talk to Grill  82   World Cup Soccer: Designed to Be Dull  76   Taming the Mighty Sprout  75   How to Make Holes in Things  8   17 More NASA Images of Beautiful Engineering  4   EE Times Silicon 60: Hot Startups to Watch  17   Ex-Apple Engineers Find Life After Jobs  29   Engineers Should Study Finance: 5 Reasons Why  22   Broadcom Cuts 2,500 jobs  16   13 Things I Heard at Semicon West  7   Intel Readies Super-Resist for EUV  18   Friday Quiz: Temperature Measurement  3   DARPA's Chip Office Reboots to Tackle Cost ...  10   Microsoft Cuts 18,000 Jobs Flash Poll All Polls Radio LATEST ARCHIVED BROADCAST Just What is an Embedded System? Join our online Radio Show on Friday 11th July starting at 2:00pm Eastern, when EETimes editor of all things fun and interesting, Max Maxfield, and embedded systems expert, Jack Ganssle, will debate as to just what is, and is not, and embedded system. Listen to archived broadcast now FULL SCHEDULE   |   ARCHIVES Like Us on Facebook Datasheets.com Parts Search 185 million searchable parts (please enter a part number or hit search to begin) EE Times on Twitter follow us Tweets about "from:eetimes" Top Comments of the Week Time to leverage the "peace dividend of the Smartphone Wars": Couldn't agree more with your article! Chris Anderson of 3D Robotics (and former Editor-in-Chief at Wired) likes to talk about leveraging the... jamesclardy on AI Fits Best in Your ... Re: Maybe necessary but certainly not sufficient: I never understand when corporation does something like this.  Why not spend the 1.1-1.6$ billion that your going to loose anyway and spend... GeLy-MyOtherRideIsABMWS1000RRScooter on Microsoft Cuts 18,000 ... Gender bias at Apple?: Although Apple is known for very forward-looking non-discrimination attitudes, I could not help but notice the absence of a single female in... Jayna Sheats on Ex-Apple Engineers ... Re: Gender bias at Apple?: Jayna Sheats  -- Although Apple is known for very forward-looking non-discrimination attitudes, I could not help but notice the absence... Sheepdoll on Ex-Apple Engineers ... Many thanks Max!: What can I say but the Pleasure Dome is everything that was promised, and I will never forget the unfriendly face which welcomed me - I'm going... Mike Field on All Hail the Mighty ... Sign up for EE Times newsletter Get the iPhone App GLOBAL NETWORK EE Times Asia EE Times China EE Times Europe EE Times India EE Times Japan EE Times Korea EE Times Taiwan EDN Asia EDN China EDN Japan TechOnline India ESC Brazil ESC India FEATURED UBM TECH SITES: EE Times | EBN | EDN | DataSheets.com | Design News | Embedded | TechOnline | Planet Analog OUR MARKETS: Business Technology | Electronics | Game & App Development Working With Us: Advertising Contacts | Event Calendar | Tech Marketing Solutions | Corporate Site | Contact Us / Feedback Terms of Service | Privacy Statement | Copyright © 2013 UBM Tech, All rights reserved To rate this item, click on a rating below. [close this box]   To save this item to your list of favorite EE Times content so you can find it later in your Profile page, click the "Save It" button next to the item.   If you found this interesting or useful, please use the links to the services below to share it with other readers. You will need a free account with each service to share an item via that service. Tweet This [close this box] Latest News Semiconductor News Blogs Message Boards Advanced Technology Analog Boards/Buses Electromechanical Embedded Tools FPGAs/PLDs IP/EDA Logic & Interfaces Memory Operating Systems Optoelectronics Passives Power Processors RF/Microwave Sensors & Transducers Test & Measurement EE Live! DesignCon ESC Brazil ARM Techcon ESC India Designers of Things EETimes University Tech Papers Courses    Fundamentals Webinars Design West DesignCon ARM Techcon
http://www.theguardian.com/technology/2013/mar/13/tech-city-technology-strategy-board
Turn autoplay off Turn autoplay on Please activate cookies in order to turn autoplay off Jump to content [s] Jump to comments [c] Jump to site navigation [0] Jump to search [4] Terms and conditions [8] Edition: UK US AU Your activity Email subscriptions Account details Linked services Sign out Profile Beta News US World Sports Comment Culture Business Money Environment Science Travel Tech Media Life & style Data News Technology Technology startups Tech City startups voice criticisms over Technology Strategy Board Digital entrepreneurs raise concerns over 'laborious' application process for funds and lack of transparency Share Tweet this Email Jay McGregor theguardian.com, Wednesday 13 March 2013 03.00 EDT Jump to comments (…) Snap Fashion's founder Jenny Griffiths praised the initial application process but found the next stage too bureaucratic for her fast-moving startup When David Cameron announced Tech City in November 2010, he was very clear about its aims: "We're not just going to back the big businesses of today, we're going to back the big businesses of tomorrow," he said, adding: "Today [we are] setting ourselves the ambition of making Britain the best place in the world for early stage and venture capital investment." But more than two years after those lofty words, frustrated entrepreneurs who have failed to secure government funding for their startups say that the government's investment drive for Tech City is bureaucratic, laborious, lengthy and lacks transparency. Since the coalition came to power, there has been a lot of focus on Tech City, the cluster of technology companies in east London. Indeed, the prime minister has taken it on as his own personal project to encourage growth in the area, which he believes will be the future of our economy as we move away from financial services. This is a commonly held view internationally, with many countries slashing corporation tax and introducing tax breaks for tech startups as they vie for silicon supremacy. Both developed and developing nations are aggressively driving their tech startup agenda in an attempt to attract the biggest players such as Google, Facebook and Microsoft. Silicon Valley copycats have begun popping up around the world in locations as diverse as Ottowa, Bangalore and Berlin – which is part of the German Silicon Valley Accelerator programme. In the UK, two organisations are the primary drivers of the Tech City initiative. First is the Tech City Investment Organisation (TCIO), headed by former Facebook executive Joanna Shields with the task of advising startups and linking them to potential funders. Second is the Technology Strategy Board (TSB), which has been around since the last Labour government and is considered an arms-length public body, and tasked with using taxpayers' money to invest in technology companies that are likely to succeed. It is the TSB which has come in for criticism from entrepreneurs who have attempted to secure funding either through its TSB SMART grant, or the Tech City Launchpad initiative. For 2013/14 the TSB has an overall budget of £450m, which includes admin and several grant funding schemes. According to the TSB website, for 2012, via the SMART grant, the TSB gave away £20.8m to 133 companies around the country, 28 of which were in London. The TSB estimates that it receives 300 to 400 applications per round, of which there are six rounds per year (PDF), for their SMART grant. This means about 5.5% of companies are successful. Similarly, the Launchpad initiative in Tech City was tasked with giving away £1.2m. The TSB told the Guardian that 233 companies applied, with only 18 actually receiving funding. This means a slightly higher figure of 7% of companies were successful. The Guardian asked the TSB for a full breakdown of its budget, what its funding targets are and how success is measured. We had no reply after six days. Time is money Entrepreneurs are complaining that the significant amount of time it takes to apply for one of these grants is an investment they can't afford, and the detail being requested simply isn't available at the early stages of a startup. Andrew Carroll, founder of Paperless Receipts – a system that allows consumers to opt for an electronic receipt at the point of sale instead of a paper one – said that his company had been rejected for R&D funding via the SMART grant. "We went to the government for our first round of funding and found the process of doing it laborious and lengthy, to the point that it's just impossible to actually get anywhere in any reasonable timescale. I have a number of friends who have had to turn to venture capitalists because they've found the TSB process impossible." Carroll said: "They were billing it as a 'let's help companies get going' initiative, but in reality they wanted to see fully scaled-out concepts, revenue streams and prototypes – I think there's a bit of a mismatch there. They were trying to plug a gap, but they were actually acting like a venture capital fund. By the time you get to that required stage, you'll be looking for £2-3m in funding, not hundreds of thousands, as they were offering." Despite failing to secure funding with the TSB, Andrew went on to receive over £12m from private investors for the same project. Yet some companies have had very positive experiences; iGeolise, a startup which offers a back-end platform so that sites can offer travel times to destinations – including car dealers, pizza outlets or homes for sale – used a TSB grant to pay for the acquisition of timetable data essential to its growth. Peter Lilley, its chief executive, has nothing but praise for the process. Others don't. Dr Chris Thorpe, head boffin (his actual title) at The Flexiscale Company, was put off from applying for TSB R&D funding for his platform to crowdsource and crowdfund 3D printed plastic kits. Instead he built a live prototype of the platform, turned to the crowdfunding site Kickstarter, and achieved his funding goal far more quickly. He explained: "We looked at the printed materials and the application forms and realised we could build a live prototype faster than it would take to read it all and fill in the forms. We did that in a week, and have had it live for users for two months now. We then did the crowd funding part through Kickstarter and have just had our first campaign funded. If we'd gone through their process we couldn't have started work until June 2013. We'd have missed the opportunity we had to get support for our plan to scan and make kits of some of the oldest locomotives in the world on the Ffestiniog Railway." Jenny Griffiths, founder of Snap Fashion, an app that lets users take pictures of outfits and finds them online, also had difficulty in securing TSB funds. She did win £94,000 from the TSB Launchpad initiative and praised how straightforward the initial application process was. But after that, Griffiths faced further hurdles. "The process following winning the funding has been more bureaucratic. I completely understand the needs for controlling funds as it is government funded. However, sometimes the measures put in place are fairly restrictive for fast moving startups with limited resources." She explained: "For us it's mainly to do with time constraints. The reports and set-up processes like getting an approved grant chart for our project plan and dividing costs correctly between contractors, and subcontractors, takes a lot of time. It's hard to juggle these tasks alongside running the business day to day if your team is small." Alice Taylor, founder of MakieLab, a 3D printing company, failed to secure SMART grant funding with the TSB, but later secured funding through the TSB Launchpad program, for the same project. She said "We did apply for a SMART grant once for some R&D, but we failed that application. We were given feedback from three anonymous assessors. It ranged from incredibly detailed to quite brief. "There's no doubt that the process could definitely be modernised, and I'd like to know more about the assessors. I wonder how up to date some of them are. I trust they are very carefully picked, but are they entirely au fait with new processes and tech? Who knows? We don't get to see the list, so I suppose there's something to wonder about there ... as for why we were unsuccessful that time, who knows?" The right people for the job? The "assessors" Taylor refers to are ex-business owners, appointed by the TSB to judge funding pitches, and who are thus trusted with millions of pounds of taxpayer funding. But little is known about them because their identity is protected and not subject to freedom of information requests. Their decisions, too, are not held to public account or checked for consistency. The founder of a private investment firm who helps small and medium-sized businesses (SMEs) secure private investment – but who has asked to remain anonymous – says that the government-appointed assessors aren't necessarily the right people to make these decisions. He said: "We get generic soundbites from companies who are frustrated with the government piping on about how much money is available, but in reality accessing it is very difficult. Obviously, it's very bureaucratic. One of our frustrations is that the government hands these schemes out to groups to allocate, but the groups who allocate it, end up taking half the money that's supposed to be used for investment, for administrative costs. He continued: "One of the arguments you could have a debate about is whether the government is really the right people to be selecting companies to invest in. Some of their decision-making is absolutely shocking, they're not experienced people." Asked about the TSB's need to maintain anonymity of the assessors, a TSB representative said: "We don't disclose who they are in order to allow them freedom to make entirely independent judgements, and to protect them from direct lobbying and also comeback from disgruntled unsuccessful applicants." Indeed the lack of transparency about the assessors makes it difficult to know if they are really the right people to make these decisions. The guidelines they are set by the TSB seem inconsistent, with entrepreneurs rejected for one grant but awarded another by different assessors. Similarly, the application process is unnecessarily bureaucratic if entrepreneurs with good ideas are being turned away, but receiving funding from private investment and going on to be successful. If Tech City is expected to grow then access to finance should be made as simple as possible and if the government wants to take credit for this, it needs to be more transparent. Cameron's ambition was an attractive one – but as all entrepreneurs know, success takes execution as well as vision. Sign up for the Guardian Today Our editors' picks for the day's top news and commentary delivered to your inbox each morning. Sign up for the daily email Print this Share Contact us Send to a friend Sender's name Recipient's email address Your IP address will be logged Share Short link for this page: http://gu.com/p/3ecqj StumbleUpon reddit Tumblr Digg LinkedIn del.icio.us Facebook Twitter Contact us Contact the Technology team Report errors or inaccuracies: userhelp@theguardian.com Letters for publication should be sent to: guardian.letters@theguardian.com If you need help using the site: userhelp@theguardian.com Call the main Guardian and Observer switchboard: +44 (0)20 3353 2000 Advertising guide License/buy our content Article history About this article Tech City startups voice criticisms over Technology Strategy Board This article was published on the Guardian website at 03.00 EDT on Wednesday 13 March 2013. It was last modified at 12.50 EDT on Wednesday 21 May 2014. Technology Technology startups · Internet Business Technology sector Media Digital media More news Share Tweet this Vote on HN Email Comments Click here to join the discussion. We can't load the discussion on theguardian.com because you don't have JavaScript enabled. ' + 'Comments ' + 'Click here to join the discussion. We can\'t load the ' + 'discussion on theguardian.com ' + 'because your web browser does not support all the features that we ' + 'need. If you cannot upgrade your browser to a newer version, you can ' + 'access the discussion ' + 'here. Today's best video Fashioning fast: outfitting the elite cyclists of Team Sky Peter Walker visits Rapha to find out about the challenges of designing ultra-high-performance apparel for one of the most exacting sporting teams on the planet Little Dragon go record shopping Yukimi Nagano reveals her love for R Kelly and Patti Smith Sick chicken We expose the conditions inside the factories that supply big supermarket and fast-food chains How to wear 50s jeans Jess Cartner-Morley finds a selection for your wardrobe On the Guardian today World news Isis orders all women and girls in Mosul to undergo FGM, says UN World news Air Algérie flight AH5017‬ disappears from radar in sandstorm World news Indian boy has 232 teeth removed World news Air Algérie flight AH5017 wreckage found in Mali World news Gaza crisis: Israeli strike on compound housing UN school kills at least 15 - live World news Joseph Wood: Arizona murderer dies almost two hours after execution begins Sponsored feature Today in pictures BBC Sports Personality of the Year – in pictures Bradley Wiggins capped his remarkable sporting year by taking home the big prize at the ceremony in London Dinner, dusk and dancing Russians: my best winter shot A glass of wine with a rough sleeper, Santa in trunks, a thousand partying Muscovites … in a My Best Shot special, top photographers pick the image that sums up winter for them Monkey adopts kitten – in pictures Kimon, an eight-year-old pet female long-tailed monkey, treats a kitten as her baby in Bintan Island, Indonesia Key topics Apple Google Facebook Games blog Game reviews License/buy our content | Privacy policy | Terms of service | US advertising | A - Z index | About us © 2014 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved. Share Tweet this The link you clicked on is trying to take you to a scam site. Please close your browser and delete the email containing the link. ; '); } // <" + "/script>"; script += "\n "; script += "\nvar pvar = { cid: 'uk-305078h', content: '0', server: 'secure-uk' };"; script += "\nvar feat = { landing_page: 0 };"; script += "\nvar trac = nol_t(pvar, feat);"; script += "\ntrac.record().post();"; script += "\n<" + "/script>"; jQ("#n-analytics-placeholder").writeCapture().replaceWith(script); } ); }
