http://racked.com/archives/2013/03/04/where-to-buy-maternity-clothes-online.php
City Boston Chicago Dallas Las Vegas Los Angeles Miami National New York Philadelphia San Francisco Washington DC Top stories Young Guns Racked Young Guns 2014 Meet the Racked Young Guns Class of 2014 Ladies Who Launch The Law Student Putting Fashion Brands in Their Place Editor's Essentails 15 Crossbody Bags For Easy, Hands-Free Livin' × Get the latest from Racked National Facebook Email newsletter Twitter Monday, March 4, 2013 Shopping Guides Seven Places to Find Fashion-Forward Maternity Clothes Online Monday, March 4, 2013, by Izzy Grinspan Cool moms at Hatch.com Pregnancy can feel like a series of minor but never-ending identity crises. Your body swells, your diet shrinks, and you find yourself uttering foreign phrases like, "I'll have a virgin margarita, please." The current state of maternity shopping doesn't help, especially if you're someone with a strong sense of personal style. It's hard to feel like yourself when your options consist of a) that dress you'd never wear, b) that other dress you'd never wear, or c) pajama pants. Luckily, some retailers are finally realizing that not all pregnant ladies want to dress the same. Below, we've listed seven places to find cool, bump-accommodating maternity clothes. Bump-friendly shopping, this way>> 1. Gap Maternity: For basics If you had to, you could probably make it through an entire pregnancy without shopping anywhere but Gap. This site is your best bet for simple solid tees, work-friendly dresses, basic denim, and even gym clothes. None of it is going to make you feel like Rooney Mara on the red carpet, but none of it is particularly dorky, either. 2. Topshop: For feeling like you haven't lost your youth entirely Some maternity clothes seem like the training-bra version of mom clothes: Get used to those boot-cut belly-panel jeans, and the next thing you know, you're wearing chambray capris with an elastic waist. Topshop's maternity selection does not have that problem. For better or for worse, the clothes are practically indistinguishable from Topshop's regular offerings. We'd suggest shopping there in the early months and then moving on, as the pieces tend to run small. 3. ASOS: For affordable takes on the trends Another great option for fashion-forward pregnant women, ASOS stocks pieces like ikat bathing suits and hologram tees alongside the more standard maxi dresses and loose tops. The quality can be hit or miss, but the pricing is accommodating to anyone who's suddenly found herself saving up for a crib and/or a college education. 4. Boden: For preppy comfort Until J.Crew starts making maternity clothes, this is probably your best bet for nautical stripes and simple jersey dresses. The fabrics also tend to be super soft, which makes a huge difference when you're hungry and tired and your feet hurt and there's a small child wedged in your abdomen. 5. Hatch: For chic splurges Hatch is the very opposite of fast fashion: The clothes are made to be worn before, during, and after pregnancy. Obviously, that means they run loose and large, although the site does have a petite option. All that goddess-y stuff that Jemima Kirke has been wearing on Girls to hide her pregnancy? That's what you'll find here, with pricing running about $200-$300 for a dress. 6. Rosie Pope: For pulled-together style New York maternity doyenne Rosie Pope might have come off as slightly unhinged on her Bravo reality show, Pregnant in Heels, but that shouldn't make anyone discount her site's collection of tailored shirt-dresses and cute separates. Recognizing the wide range in pregnant bodies, she also lets you search by best assets, meaning you can call up clothes that flatter your legs, your shoulders, or your brand-new power cleavage. 7. Shopbop: For not-quite-maternity Shopbop has wisely gathered up all of its loose tops and stuck them in a section for expectant mothers, where they sit alongside dresses from Hatch and maternity jeans. If you're looking for a way to shop lady-with-a-baby clothes and still find Alexander Wang, this is the destination for you. · The Ultimate Guide To Finding Cute Workout Clothes Online [Racked] · The 10 Best Lingerie Boutiques To Shop Online [Racked] ASOS Boden Hatch Maternity Maternity Clothes Rosie Pope Shopbop Shopping Guides The Gap Top Topshop Where To Spend It → More tags...   Comments Related links Comments (  extant) Loading comments... ↑ Back to top ← Previous: The Diesel x EDUN Denim Collaboration Arrived Early Online → Next: The Future Sign up for our newsletter {{#site.header_image_src}} {{/site.header_image_src}} Subscribe to our newsletter I am 21+ years old Add other editions {{#site.neighbors}} {{name}} {{/site.neighbors}} Racked Tipline national@racked.com Have an anonymous tip? Follow Racked National Where to Shop Bags Fitness Apparel and Gear Home Goods Indie Brands and Boutiques Jeans Life Organizers Lingerie Maternity Shoes Sunglasses Swim Watches Advertise with us sales@curbed.com | Media kit Monthly archives Select month... July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 August 2009 February 2007 All archives From our partners Preferences Open external links in new tabs? Racked Miami Racked Young Guns 2014 Meet the Racked Young Guns Class of 2014 Racked Dallas Racked Young Guns 2014 Meet the Racked Young Guns Class of 2014 Racked NY Racked Young Guns 2014 Meet the Racked Young Guns Class of 2014! Get daily updates and breaking news alerts from Racked National delivered straight to your inbox: Curbed National Curbed Atlanta Curbed Boston Curbed Cape Cod Curbed Chicago Curbed DC Curbed Detroit Curbed Hamptons Curbed LA Curbed Miami Curbed NOLA Curbed NY Curbed Philly Curbed Seattle Curbed Ski Curbed SF Curbed Toronto Curbed Vancouver Eater National Eater Atlanta Eater Austin Eater Boston Eater Charleston Eater Chicago Eater Dallas Eater DC Eater Denver Eater Detroit Eater Houston Eater LA Eater Louisville Eater Maine Eater Miami Eater Minneapolis Eater Montreal Eater Nashville Eater NOLA Eater NY Eater PDX Eater Philly Eater Seattle Eater SF Eater San Diego Eater Toronto Eater Vancouver Eater Vegas Racked National Racked Boston Racked Chicago Racked Dallas Racked DC Racked LA Racked Miami Racked NY Racked Philly Racked SF Racked Vegas About Racked National Privacy policy Terms of service Ethics Statment Update Contest rules Media kit Email newsletters Jobs An SB Nation partner site   Some map data © OpenStreetMap contributors. Some map tiles courtesy MapQuest.   © 2014 Vox Media Inc. All rights reserved. An SB Nation partner site. ×
http://fayettewoman.com/dos-buying-clothes-online.html
Fayette Woman Online Magazine for Fayette County, Georgia women and their friends Thursday, July 24, 2014 Every One of Us Has a Story News Feed Comments Home About From the Publisher Advertise With Us Policies Etc. Terms of Use Agreement Privacy Policy FAQs Site Map E-dition Friends Art and Photo Galleries Artworks on the Square Assisted Living Attorneys Auto Cronic of Griffin Community Organizations Computers and Technology Homespun Solutions Dentists and Orthondotists Education Goddard School Brain Balance Mathnasium Financial Services Insurance Agencies The Harbin Agency Firearms Food and Dining Funeral Homes Health and Beauty Cosmetic Laser and Skin Care Center Home and Garden Bennett’s Antiques Powers Heat and Air Photographers Senior Living Shopping Clothing and Accessories Smith and Davis Clothing Gifts Stores and Jewelers Thrift and Consignment Shops Weddings and Special Occasions FW Travels Calendar Contact Us Contact Information My Hero At Home Decor Food Holiday Cookie Contest My Chef Nancy Cooks Recipe Swap Home Improvement outdoor Blogs 365 Project Aging with Attitude Art Is My Life Beaux Jours BusyBizGirl Fashion Week Garden Views Jill Prouty Mary Catherine Positively Speaking Rejoyce Risk Loving Sherri Smith Brown Simply Living The Mommy Diaries Thoughts of Home Business Career Finances Legal Issues Cover Girls 2001 2009 Becky Douville Beth Primrose CSU Fayette First MBAs Debbie Britt Kim Hudson Linda Wells Mary Anne Erwin Senior Essay Winners 2010 Amanda Gunter Ann Yingling Diana Galloway Erin Hawkins Fayette Woman Backstage Frances Meaders Kim Schisler Linda North Maynard Griggs Brown Noni Carter Pam Reid Trailblazers Carole Marsh Judy Suiter Nancy Balkcom Nancy Lewis Patti Kadkhodaian 2011 Bethany Phillips Dubie Connie Fox Jamie Smith Jane Langford Janet Lester & Vauna Bellury Jeanne Hewell-Chambers and Alison Chambers Karyn Staples Keisha Tillis Lauren Clark Lisa Williams Mary Frances Bowley Sarah Lisle and Lisa Cover 2012 Amy Dingler Bisa Batten Lewis Cathy Berggren Deanna McCurdy Jean Peck Jill Smith Entrekin Kareen Underwood & Patricia Dablah Peggy Thomas Rachel Isons Rose Marie Harper Sarah Smith Tammy Livers and Heather Harding 2013 Carla McMillian Louise Jenkins Paul-Anne Gray Tricia Stearns Etcetera Ask FW Books & Stuff Inspirations Musings Surveys Things to Do Family Generations Parenting Focus Back to School Brides' Guide Fall Home and Garden Gift Guide Merry and Bright Mind, Body and Spirit New Year, New You Peace and Joy Your Get-Ahead Career Guide Good Stories Scrapbook FW Travels Milestones Out and About Weddings Take Care Beauty Fashion & Style Good Looks Diet Fitness Health Seniors Travel You are here: Home / Take Care / Beauty / Fashion & Style / Do’s and Don’t of Buying Clothes Online Do’s and Don’t of Buying Clothes Online February 22, 2013 by Fayette Woman   Filed under Fashion & Style Leave a Comment Innovations in online shopping have made the Internet an increasingly popular outlet for fashion. From technology that promises the perfect fit to widgets that allow you to discuss your potential purchase with friends, virtual clothes shopping is on the rise. With e-retail spending projected to increase 62 percent by 2016, it’s no wonder this trend is on an upward trajectory. However, anyone who’s shopped for clothes online knows the defeat of getting the wrong size, or discovering a store’s version of bordeaux is actually fuschia. As a fashion-obsessed online shopper, I’ve had my share of both failure and success. That’s why I’ve compiled these do’s and don’ts to make your next online experience a positive one. DO Know Your Budget When shopping online, inventory from nearly any merchant is at your fingertips, presenting both an exciting and perilous opportunity. Before perusing your favorite retailers’ offerings, determine a spending threshold so you don’t tempt yourself with items priced beyond your budget. As you browse for coveted items, remember taxes and shipping fees will add to the price of your selection. DON’T Forego Making a List Be a proactive online shopper and take stock of your closet to determine key items you need. It’s easy to get distracted by the full-price “new arrivals” and the super-cheap “final sale” offerings, and a list will help you stay focused. Be wary of high-priced trends and spend the most money on classic pieces that transition well through the seasons. Consult Glamour.com for 10 items every woman should have in her closet, then shop (and spend) accordingly. DO Find a Coupon Code Before you hit up your favorite fashion sites, look for promo codes to determine which site has the best deals. Some retailers such as Kohl’s allow you to use more than one code, so make sure you know these details before checking out. You can find coupons and free shipping deals for Kohl’s and other retailers from sites such as FreeShipping.org. DON’T Buy at First Sight I rarely buy an item the first time I see it online. That’s because I know every “new arrival” will eventually go on sale when it becomes old news. When you find a full-price item you love, bookmark it and monitor the cost over the next few weeks. Though waiting is the hardest part, I saved $50 on a pair of wine-colored skinny jeans by holding out for a 50-percent off sale. DO Read the Return Policy It’s important to know the details of online return policies since you may be responsible for return shipping if the item doesn’t work out. Check here for a list of stores that offer free return shipping, and remember most retailers will cover the cost if you’re simply exchanging the item for a different size or color. Some big retailers allow you to return a garment to their local store, so know your options before you click “purchase.” DON’T Spend More for Free Shipping While free shipping promotions seem pretty commonplace these days, most retailers have minimum order requirements. If you don’t want to spend more than $50, adding a bunch of items to your cart to qualify for the free shipping threshold of $75 doesn’t make sense. You’re essentially paying an extra $25 for “free” shipping and loading up on items you wouldn’t otherwise buy. Bad idea! DO Read Reviews Online reviews aren’t just for electronics and Amazon users. Most fashion retailers enable customers to review clothes they’ve purchased, and these insights are extremely helpful for potential buyers. In some cases, reviewers will let you know if an item runs small or big, or if there are style defects that aren’t obvious on screen. DON’T Skip the Sizing Chart Despite the potential of TrueFit, ordering clothes online can be daunting if you’re not familiar with the retailer and their sizing standards. Study the charts offered for each garment and take the time to measure yourself as suggested by the retailer. Doing so will reduce the likelihood you’ll need to return something because it doesn’t fit. DO Sign Up for Savings Regardless of whether you’re shopping online or offline, it’s important to know the best time to score a good deal. Sign up for your favorite e-retailers’ newsletters and deal alerts so you know when sales are happening. Set up a separate email account for these notifications to keep your personal inbox from being inundated with marketing messages. The sense of urgency created in these notifications often inflates the value of the deal, so remember to practice restraint. DON’T Go Crazy with Store Cards Store credit cards can be tempting, as most of them boast free or reduced shipping costs and other perks for online orders. However, these cards carry high interest rates and can negatively impact your credit score. If you have good credit and shop at the store frequently, getting a store card might be a good savings strategy. Strict management of my Limited Couture Card enables me to enjoy the free shipping perk without racking up debt. ### Kendal Perez is a frugal fashionista and bargain shopper who helps fellow shopaholics find hassle-free ways to save money. As the marketing coordinator for Kinoli Inc., site manager for a family of money-saving websites, Kendal has the resources to be an extreme couponer but prefers a less complicated approach to staying in-budget. Kendal has been quoted in such media outlets as People StyleWatch, TIME Business & Money, FOX, NPR and Kiplinger Personal Finance. For savings tips and more information, visit HassleFreeSavings.com. Tags: budget, fashion, Shopping About Fayette Woman Fayette Woman often finds great articles from various content services and press releases. When publishing those, we use this "house" author for reference. Speak Your Mind Tell us what you're thinking... and oh, if you want a pic to show with your comment, go get a gravatar! Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. eNews & Updates Sign up to receive breaking news as well as receive other site updates! 5 Minutes With Fayette Woman Like She Said She tells enough white lies to ice a wedding cake. — Margot Asquith Today SHAMROCK STITCHERSSHAMROCK STITCHERS Time: 11:00 am Meets Thursdays • 11:00 a.m. - 1 p.m. Roger Spencer Community Center, 145 Commerce Drive, Tyrone. 770-487-4694. at 11:00 am GRIEF SHAREGRIEF SHARE Time: 6:30 pm Thursdays 6:30 p.m.-8 p.m. at Peachtree City United Methodist Church, 225 Robinson Road • Visit www.griefshare.org or contact Helen Ragsdale (678)817-0238 or Wanda Andereck, (770) 716-8306. at 6:30 pm Recent Posts Memoir Workshop Happier Homeschooling Entrekin Book Signing Fayette County: Homes needed for kittens & puppies! Atlanta Ice Cream Festival July 27 Recent Comments Being the world's best mother-in-law starts with these basic steps on Step-by-Step Survival Guide for Mother of the Groom The Good News is spreading! | on Moms Run This Town Reaches 360 Chapters in US, Canada Fayette Woman Magazine! | Newnan / Peachtree City, GA on Moms Run This Town Reaches 360 Chapters in US, Canada The White Umbrella Gala Countdown « The Voice of Wellspring Living on Portrait of a Dangerous Woman – Mary Frances Bowley Update – Savings Tips News | HelpWithDebtNow.com on How to Wear Fall Fashion Trends on a Budget Hot Topics 365 Project Back to School balance Beauty blog books budget Business careers children Christmas community Decor Diet DIY eco-friendly education exercise fall Family Fayette Woman Fitness Food fun gardening gifts good causes Health holiday home home decor home improvement inspiration outdoor Parenting photography safety Seniors Shopping stress summer The barefoot photographer Things to Do Travel wedding Coming Up July 26, 2014 PTC Walk GroupPTC Walk Group Time: 9:00 am Meets Saturday mornings at 9:00 at Drake Field for varying walks. This is free and open to anyone. Bring your family and create a habit of getting outdoors for fresh air and exercise. The walks are organized by Operation Bootcamp. at 9:00 am July 28, 2014 CANCER WELLNESSCANCER WELLNESS Time: 4:00 pm Piedmont Fayette Hospital offers Cancer WellFit, a safe, inviting exercise program to improve the physical health and quality of life for people with breast cancer. The program consists of one hour of group exercise two days per week plus one-on-one exercise consultations with a degreed exercise physiologist. Mondays and Wednesdays, 4-5 pm, in the PFH Rehabilitation and Fitness Center in the Fayette Professional Center directly across from the hospital. To register call 770-719-7290. at 4:00 pm July 29, 2014 Moms in MotionMoms in Motion Time: 5:15 pm Moms in Motion - “Moms in Motion” is a fitness program designed to prepare women for the physiological changes that occur during pregnancy and postpartum. The class combines low impact aerobics, toning exercises, relaxation and breathing techniques and appropriate warm-ups/cool-downs perfect for both pregnant and postpartum women. The program provides not only a safe and effective exercise regime, but also provides valuable information on pregnancy, postpartum and child safety. Participants may register for this ongoing program at any time during or after pregnancy. Classes are held every Tuesday and Thursday from 5:15 to 6:15 p.m. in Suite 200 of the Piedmont Fayette Hospital Fitness Center at 1250 Hwy 54 West. Space is limited. The classes are FREE to fitness center members and $25 per month for non-members. Written approval from a physician is required. For more information or to register, call 770-719-7290. at 5:15 pm Knitting GroupKnitting Group Time: 7:00 pm Meets Tuesdays at Books-a-Million in Peachtree City except for 3rd Tuesday, when meeting is held at The Gathering Place. For information call 770-712-7868 or email ktvogeltanz@earthlink.net at 7:00 pm July 31, 2014 SHAMROCK STITCHERSSHAMROCK STITCHERS Time: 11:00 am Meets Thursdays • 11:00 a.m. - 1 p.m. Roger Spencer Community Center, 145 Commerce Drive, Tyrone. 770-487-4694. at 11:00 am GRIEF SHAREGRIEF SHARE Time: 6:30 pm Thursdays 6:30 p.m.-8 p.m. at Peachtree City United Methodist Church, 225 Robinson Road • Visit www.griefshare.org or contact Helen Ragsdale (678)817-0238 or Wanda Andereck, (770) 716-8306. at 6:30 pm August 2, 2014 PTC Walk GroupPTC Walk Group Time: 9:00 am Meets Saturday mornings at 9:00 at Drake Field for varying walks. This is free and open to anyone. Bring your family and create a habit of getting outdoors for fresh air and exercise. The walks are organized by Operation Bootcamp. at 9:00 am August 4, 2014 CANCER WELLNESSCANCER WELLNESS Time: 4:00 pm Piedmont Fayette Hospital offers Cancer WellFit, a safe, inviting exercise program to improve the physical health and quality of life for people with breast cancer. The program consists of one hour of group exercise two days per week plus one-on-one exercise consultations with a degreed exercise physiologist. Mondays and Wednesdays, 4-5 pm, in the PFH Rehabilitation and Fitness Center in the Fayette Professional Center directly across from the hospital. To register call 770-719-7290. at 4:00 pm August 5, 2014 Moms in MotionMoms in Motion Time: 5:15 pm Moms in Motion - “Moms in Motion” is a fitness program designed to prepare women for the physiological changes that occur during pregnancy and postpartum. The class combines low impact aerobics, toning exercises, relaxation and breathing techniques and appropriate warm-ups/cool-downs perfect for both pregnant and postpartum women. The program provides not only a safe and effective exercise regime, but also provides valuable information on pregnancy, postpartum and child safety. Participants may register for this ongoing program at any time during or after pregnancy. Classes are held every Tuesday and Thursday from 5:15 to 6:15 p.m. in Suite 200 of the Piedmont Fayette Hospital Fitness Center at 1250 Hwy 54 West. Space is limited. The classes are FREE to fitness center members and $25 per month for non-members. Written approval from a physician is required. For more information or to register, call 770-719-7290. at 5:15 pm Knitting GroupKnitting Group Time: 7:00 pm Meets Tuesdays at Books-a-Million in Peachtree City except for 3rd Tuesday, when meeting is held at The Gathering Place. For information call 770-712-7868 or email ktvogeltanz@earthlink.net at 7:00 pm August 7, 2014 SHAMROCK STITCHERSSHAMROCK STITCHERS Time: 11:00 am Meets Thursdays • 11:00 a.m. - 1 p.m. Roger Spencer Community Center, 145 Commerce Drive, Tyrone. 770-487-4694. at 11:00 am GRIEF SHAREGRIEF SHARE Time: 6:30 pm Thursdays 6:30 p.m.-8 p.m. at Peachtree City United Methodist Church, 225 Robinson Road • Visit www.griefshare.org or contact Helen Ragsdale (678)817-0238 or Wanda Andereck, (770) 716-8306. at 6:30 pm Advertisement Links AIS Solutions Group Brown's Guide Nancy J. Lewis Peachtree City Garden Club Southside Fitness The Citizen Newspapers Volunteer Fayette Senior Services Hospice Advantage The Real Life Center Wellspring Living Store Plugin by wpburn.com wordpress themes Copyright © 2014 · All Rights Reserved · Design by Rebecca Diamond for StudioPress · Powered by WordPress ·
http://taylorswift.com/users/QldKsety/blogs/5256162
Taylor Swift Menu about news Events media Music Taylor Connect store Join Mailing List Find Friends Fan Forums User Blogs You are here: Home / Users / carolkarl / Blogs / Top reasons to buy clothes online? Top reasons to buy clothes online? Fri, Mar 1, 2013 at 3:02 AM By: carolkarl There are so many who fear a lot when they have to shop online, but at the same time, the people buying these products online seem to have gone up . In fact, online shopping is all approximately buying cheap clothing or pantalon pas cher, house comfort and ease, which is not visible over the traditional way of buying method. If you are wondering as to why you should buy the clothes online, superior check the following reasons and get charged up to buy these products from any online portal. You get extreme comfort: The basic reason of buying pricey or cheap pants/ pantalon pas cher is due to the added number of comfort and convenience found in online shopping. You will always find these stores open, there is no opening or closing time of these stores, hence you have greater flexibility of time. This choice is great especially when you do not find time to go out and shop anything. Thus remaining in your house coziness you could end up buying anything. You get superior deals and discounts: You could see the option of comparing different prices of any particular of clothes with the other, which give you enough reason to find out top and cheap dresses or robe pas cher online, this is really not promising over any shopping mall. Plus, you have an amount of discount offers and deals mushrooming over the online stores. An amount of coupons and e-vouchers coming at your in boxes too help you in getting fairly charge helpful deals, which are not promising over other places . As the running charge of the online stores is less and they have several tax benefits, hence these stores are able to cater cheaper deals as compared to the brick and mortar stores. You get broader options: Apart from finding some cheaper pants and t-shirts or manteau pas cher online the other factors, which properly people to come over these stores is for the huge availability . So, when you are keen to find something precise, the online stores could be called as the topmost choice to rely . The different online stores will never find any product going out of stock. In case, if you see any clothing going out of stock, you have countless other online stores to shop. You get reviews and thoughts around the products: The competent online stores are in general seen backed by the authentic customer reviews, these are never found over at any physical store . It help you a lot in the buying choice that make things simple to buy expensive and low charge coats or manteau pas cher online. Fri, Mar 1, 2013 at 3:02 AM By: carolkarl Back to carolkarl’s blog Related Bloggers No users fitting this criteria. Leave a Comment Comment: Submit Comments On Fri, Mar 1, 2013 at 3:12 AM, Kate Guernsey said: Want to buy Ed Sheeran's clothes online for his charity? visit www.tags-on.com. I own his signed Hoodie! Message Kate Guernsey © 2014 Taylor Swift. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Service | g(c) Privacy Policy | g(c) Terms of Service Visit www.OnGuardOnline.gov for social networking safety tips for parents and youth. Powered by ground(ctrl) Tweet News Flash Close Tweets by @taylorswift13 Vote for Taylor Swift! Mailing List Jukebox Twitter Facebook Instagram YouTube iTunes Tumblr
http://thebillfold.com/2013/03/yes-you-can-go-a-year-without-buying-clothes-i-did-it-and-so-can-you/
The Awl Facebook Twitter Tumblr Awl Music Splitsider Facebook Twitter Tumblr The Hairpin Facebook Twitter Tumblr The Wirecutter Facebook Twitter The Billfold Facebook Twitter shopping Yes You Can Go a Year Without Buying Clothes! I Did It And So Can You by Alexa Mills March 20th, 2013 Tweet DO YOU: Think about new outfit ideas when you’re bored? Only feel calm and clear-headed when you’re at the mall? Envision clothing items before you’ve seen them at a store? Dream about manicures that will match your outfits? Buy items that you never end up wearing? THEN PERHAPS: You, like me, have a clothes addiction and would like some help putting the kibosh on your most expensive and time-consuming habit/hobby. LET ME HELP WITH MY NEARLY-PROVEN 11-STEP PROGRAM. It is working for me, and it will work for you. 1. Don’t give up shopping immediately. It could take you months to prepare for this. First, give up clothes for a period of time that’s unnatural for you. Last year I gave up shopping for Lent. Forty days was a stretch for me, but I did it. A week after Easter I made up for the lost time, but I’d restored my confidence in my own willpower.   2. Clean your closet. If you do this right, it will take you several hours or even a whole weekend. You have to look at—and even try on—every item you own. You have to match each top with several different bottoms, and vice versa. Find the items that match nothing. Are these items meaningless, regrettable impulse buys? If so, pack them in a bag for your cute little cousin or the local goodwill. Are these unmatched items well-thought-through purchases that you’d wear every week if only you had the right shoes/pants/cardigans to go with them? If so, make a list of items you need to complement your unused pieces. When I did this activity, I found that my whole fall wardrobe would be more tenable if only I owned a pair of brown ballet flats. Easy.   3. Consider a year in your life. What outfits are you going to need? If you give up shopping in May, but you have three weddings to attend in July and you don’t own a fancy summer dress, you will fail at this. If you can wear jeans to work but you don’t own a pair of jeans you love, you will be miserable. Make a list of the things you need and stick to your list. Do not make an extravagant list. When you go to the store to buy the items on your list, do not give in to whims. Do not treat yourself to an extra. The list is it. This is your first test.   4. Draw up the rules of your game. Try to be as extreme as possibly with your rules. If you give up buying clothes but not accessories, you’re on a slippery slope. If you give up buying clothes in your home city but you’re allowed to buy things when you travel, you’re going to have sad vacation bills. If this is the year you’re honeymooning in Italy, this is not a good year to give up shopping. Wait until you get home from Italy. My rules are pretty simple: I’m not allowed to buy any new clothes for any reason for 12 months. In an emergency (such as: The airline has lost my luggage for the first four days of my trip) I can make an exception, but I have to attempt to solve my problem at a used clothing store. I also have one free pass for myself: I can spend a delightful day consignment shopping with a friend if the opportunity comes up naturally. It hasn’t so far, and I’m six months in to this challenge.   5. Don’t give yourself a free pass on shoes. You have to give up shoes too. Sorry.   6. Don’t give yourself a free pass on accessories. What isn’t an accessory? 7. Confess your plan to people who love you and see you often. These people are going to hold you accountable. Put together a list of clothes-loving coworkers and friends and email them (all on the same email, even if they don’t know each other. Do not bcc them.) on your start date. Your friends won’t ask you to go on superfluous shopping trips anymore, and your coworkers will know your wardrobe well enough to sniff out a slip-up. My mom got me a beautiful yellow cardigan for my birthday. The day I wore it to work, my boss started asking about the new sweater before she even said hello. According to my rules, I’m allowed to accept gifts.   8. Hope and pray that your mom or aunt or someone takes pity on you and buys you something. But do not ask for anything. Don’t even hint.   9. Keep a running list of the things you want. The moment a clothing vision comes in to your head, write it down. Some interesting patterns will emerge. I found out that I really want to buy clothes the day before I’m traveling somewhere, whether for work or pleasure. I also get cravings for brightly colored socks.   10. Keep a running list of things you already have. And I don’t mean clothes. You have friends; you have access to a community exercise class; you have a library card; a local museum is free on Wednesday nights. All of these things will fill the void when you stop shopping. Because the thing is—and this aspect of the project surprised me—there is no reason to pop into a store for minute if you know you can’t buy anything. I envisioned myself shopping just as often, but not bringing anything home. Instead, I’ve almost completely stopped looking in stores.   11. Call your sponsor. If you do breeze through your favorite store in the coldest month of the year to find a gorgeous spring collection, and find that your mouth is actually watering, call up one of those friends. Okay, you’ve confessed your temptation. Now go home.   My year is up September 23rd 2013. When is yours?     Alexa Mills lives in Boston. 11 step programs alexis mills clothes clothes addiction how to stop shopping you can do it alexis can help --- Previously on The Billfold Next A Laid-Off Person Asks Cord Jefferson for Advice, And Cord Jefferson Responds Previous Diamonds Are Dumb And Here Is Why in Footer Why I Was Sad to Leave Goldman Sachs (But Also Ready to Move On) --- --- Tweet --- 53 Comments / Post A Comment Sort by: Chronological Reverse-Chronological Popularity Megano! (#124) NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO This is most definitely a sign I have a problem, isn’t it? Posted on March 20, 2013 at 10:45 am Reply » 2 Hayley Judd@twitter (#2,193) After an extravagant holiday over Christmas, I told my husband I was only going to buy new clothes if they were replacing old clothes…i.e. if my jeans got a hole in them, I was allowed new jeans. I put this in place for the first three months of the year, which is nearly up. It’s REALLY hard. And I didn’t count shoes. Or accessories. You have my respect! Posted on March 20, 2013 at 10:55 am Reply » loren smith (#2,300) @Hayley Judd@twitter Yes! I’m trying to half heartedly convince myself that low heeled suede ankle boots are a replacement for my durable oxfords, because I want ankle boots for no real reason… What is it with clothes! My husband goes to the Gap outlet once a year and is set while I find something new I want basically every single day, I don’t get it. Posted on March 20, 2013 at 11:17 am Reply » loren smith (#2,300) @loren smith Well, academically, I do *get it* but still….. maybe it is an addiction. Posted on March 20, 2013 at 11:18 am Reply » Hayley Judd@twitter (#2,193) @loren smith Yes! Why have I lived 29 years without owning a white peplum top, but now I’m convinced that if I don’t get one immediately I will have literally nothing to wear all summer? What’s wrong with me? Posted on March 20, 2013 at 11:20 am Reply » loren smith (#2,300) @Hayley Judd@twitter Why can’t I be happy with one pair of work jeans, three identical dress pants, eight dress shirts and a drawer full of tee shirts! Posted on March 20, 2013 at 2:26 pm Reply » sea ermine (#122) This would be so very easy if I stopped not fitting into my clothes! I don’t think I’ve bought clothes or shoes or accessories for fun since…like 5 years ago. But for for years my weight went up and down like a yoyo (but when I lost weight it was never enough to fit into my old smaller clothes, so I had to constantly replace) and then after that I’ve had constant problems with clothes shrinking. I’ll dry everything on low or delicate and they still come out half wet half dry and shrunk. I’ve finally got enough semi well fitting clothes to carry me through a week or two without laundry but if I didn’t have so many issues that left me with nothing to wear I would probably buy clothes once every couple years, just to replace what fell apart. Posted on March 20, 2013 at 10:59 am Reply » olivia (#1,618) @seaermine Don’t put anything in the dryer except underwear and socks and pajamas. Hang dry it all and then steam it with a handheld steamer (Samsung makes a great cheap travel steamer that I use) or fluff it in the dryer if you have to. Aside from shrinkage, dryers destroy your clothes because the heat breaks down the fibers. Also, don’t wash your clothes unless they’re actually dirty or stinky. My clothes always look brand new for YEARS because I basically never wash any of it, but if I do, I wash it on cold and then hang dry it. Posted on March 20, 2013 at 11:33 am Reply » 1 bgprincipessa (#699) @olivia Please teach me how to steam. I got one for Christmas and every time my clothes end up looking exactly the same as when I started and then I get frustrated and give up. Posted on March 20, 2013 at 11:55 am Reply » sea ermine (#122) @olivia This is one of those situation where I know that drying my clothes is bad and that I should hang them (although, I once had a dress shrink after I washed it on cold and then hung it to dry, thanks forever 21) but my apartment is too small for me to hang all my clothes unless I do laundry every other day (I have a drying rack that fits my most delicate stuff though, and I hand wash things I’ve made myself and also bras and hang them there too). And that doesn’t even count drying my duvet covers, which also shrink and are massive and I don’t even know what I’d hang them over. How do you hang your clothes? I’d really like a line dryer but I’m not allowed to put nails in the walls and my fold out drying rack fits like 10 items and since I share it with my boyfriend (there is only room for one drying rack) I don’t know where else to hang things (I can fit maybe two other garments over closet doors but that’s it) What I’ve been doing this year (and what seems to be working) is buying everything one size big and then just letting it shrink down. Posted on March 20, 2013 at 12:40 pm Reply » Madeline Shoes (#1,324) @bgprincipessa my issue with my steamer when I first got it was that I never let it heat up long enough. Now I plug it in when I get in the shower, and by the time I’m out it’s nice and steamy. I’ll put my item to be steamed on a hanger, hang it so it’s flat against my scarves (hanging from a rod on the back of my closet door), and steam it that way. This helps the clothes have a little bit of a surface behind them for some structure. Steaming > ironing. Posted on March 20, 2013 at 12:43 pm Reply » SarcasticFringehead (#1,224) @seaermine Do you have a bathtub? Our collapsible drying rack fits perfectly in ours – I just move it out when I want to shower and move it back in when I’m done. Obviously the dampness makes the clothes take longer to dry, but they’re not in the way while they’re doing it. Posted on March 20, 2013 at 1:15 pm Reply » 1 olivia (#1,618) @bgprincipessa You need a steamer that gets really hot, and this only works on more delicate fabrics. So if you have a crisp button up, you just have to iron it. But if it’s silk or rayon or a lightweight cotton or a jersey knit, you can steam it. I hang the item and then slowly run the steamer up and down the garment. This is the steamer I use and it works like a charm: http://www.amazon.com/Samsonite-Luggage-Garment-Steamer-Voltage/dp/B004WYDI40/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&qid=1363813571&sr=8-2&keywords=samsonite+travel+steamer I realize I said it was Samsung earlier, but it’s Samsonite-sorry! Once I have room for one, I plan to get an industrial steamer like they use in retail stores. Jiffy is the brand that makes those. Posted on March 20, 2013 at 5:06 pm Reply » olivia (#1,618) @seaermine I hang my clothes on a collapsible drying rack like this: http://www.amazon.com/Honey-Can-Do-DRY-01111-Wooden-Clothes-Drying-Natural/dp/B001F51A76/ref=sr_1_6?ie=UTF8&qid=1363813713&sr=8-6&keywords=collapsible+drying+rack I have 2 and I keep them in our basement, but they fit nicely between the fridge and wall too. It isn’t pictured folded up but they fold up to be pretty small and flat. They could go under a bed too. Also I almost NEVER wash my clothes, seriously. It ruins them and I’m not super sweaty so it’s not a big issue. I wash them more often in the summer but in the winter I’ll wear a shirt 5-10 times before I wash it as long as I don’t pit it out or spill something on it that can’t come off by using a wet paper towel and soap. I also have some clothes I’ve literally never washed, like my black jeans. They stay black forever if you don’t wash or dry them. Posted on March 20, 2013 at 5:10 pm Reply » chic noir (#713) @olivia – if you use the Woolite for dark clothes on the gentle cycle, cold water , your black jeans will stay Black forever. Posted on March 25, 2013 at 8:16 pm Reply » cryptolect (#1,135) I could do this with new clothes, but not vintage. Whenever I see a cute vintage dress, I imagine the shrinking supply of good 60s-70s vintage out there, and I panic and snap it up. This is also why the “one in, one out” technique doesn’t work for me… On the other hand, I haven’t bought a brand-new pair of pants in over three years. Posted on March 20, 2013 at 11:14 am Reply » 1 mirror_father_mirror (#643) @cryptolect See, I’m the same. I read with interest up to the “used clothes are ok” loophole, because used clothes *are* my weakness. The Gap has basically nothing for me…instead I buy a half-suitcase full of whatever’s at the local Goodwill whenever I go out of town. Posted on March 20, 2013 at 12:57 pm Reply » 1 mirror_father_mirror (#643) @cryptolect Oh my god, I never even thought about it as a finite supply. What am I going to do for decades of my life without sixties dresses?? Posted on March 20, 2013 at 1:04 pm Reply » Deb of last year@twitter (#588) @cryptolect Oh yes I’m the same way. My new clothes are cycled out (consigned or donated) pretty regularly but I still have vtg dresses I bought when I was 15! It’s a bit out of control since my work consists of sitting in front of a computer all day with an etsy tab open so I made a rule not to buy any more clothes online. And since I never have time to hit my favourite vtg and thrift shops since I work CONSTANTLY, I’ve ended up buying far less dresses than before. I do miss getting mail though! Posted on March 21, 2013 at 3:21 pm Reply » 1 Smallison (#155) How do you feel about tailoring? I’m trying to buy as little as possible (although I did allow myself to get a few pieces with my tax refund), but I’ve got a few things in my closet that would work much better if say, they were three-quarter sleeved. I haven’t taken them in yet, but I’d be interested if you allow this sort of thing for yourself. Posted on March 20, 2013 at 11:14 am Reply » BananaPeel (#1,555) @Smallison I’m not the OP but in my mind, repairing or tailoring existing clothing is perfectly in the spirit of not spending needlessly. I just researched Rit dye to re-dye my (faded) favorite Gap black pants instead of buying a new pair. Posted on March 20, 2013 at 12:13 pm Reply » 1 BananaPeel (#1,555) @BananaPeel See also: taking shoes to a cobbler for a new sole/heel. Posted on March 20, 2013 at 12:16 pm Reply » Smallison (#155) @BananaPeel Agreed. I’m trying to more of this myself (I’ve been fixing holes in a lot of my clothes for years, but that’s the extent of my tailoring skills). I need to just do it! I’ve been wanting to dye things, too. Did you use your washing machine to do it? Posted on March 20, 2013 at 1:17 pm Reply » BananaPeel (#1,555) @Smallison I have not yet done it but I think you can use your washing machine. I’m not going to though, because I rent and I’m worried about stains. I think I am just going to use a mop bucket. This post was pretty instructive: http://www.centsationalgirl.com/2011/04/a-cheap-dye-job/#more-17577 Posted on March 20, 2013 at 2:31 pm Reply » swirrlygrrl (#2,398) Good for you – sounds like you felt like this was a problem for you and you are taking active steps to solve it. Excellent will power! I couldn’t see myself ever doing this. Given at least 2/3 of my wardrobe is second hand, and clothing is a way for me to bring back a souvenier I’ll use from a trip (wearing my Egypt dress to Texas next week!), I just can’t see my love of clothes and shopping as a problem. Though I totally second trying everything on and giving things away – just got rid of three full to the brim contractor garbage bags of clothes. Now almost everything fits in my closet, and almost everything fits me or is worth getting tailored. And I made a few friends very happy by giving them the best of the cast offs. Posted on March 20, 2013 at 11:26 am Reply » 1 Marissa (#467) I’m excited to see this piece here because it’s one of my New Year’s resolutions. I’m only allowing myself to replace my basic black flats if they blow out (I live in a city and walk almost everywhere–shoes are like my tires), and a pair of jeans when the pair I currently have on finally unravels. I did pick up a few great things at a clothing swap last month which felt like shopping but without spending money. I think I used to go shopping if I was bored or had a week where I thought I had nothing to wear. After a massive closet purge, however, I realized that when I thought I didn’t have anything to wear, I actually had *too much* to wear. So many options made it so hard to settle on an outfit. So far so good! No sudden urges to pop into H&M. Posted on March 20, 2013 at 11:59 am Reply » 1 EM (#1,012) @Marissa “shoes are like my tires” – holla Posted on March 20, 2013 at 12:08 pm Reply » 1 Madeline Shoes (#1,324) @Marissa I second the too much to wear – now that I have about 20% of what I used to have, I feel so much more put together because I can actually see what I’ve got. And it forces me to get a little more creative with the things I already have instead of just buying something new because I’m tired of wearing the same outfit all the time. Posted on March 20, 2013 at 12:38 pm Reply » 1 EM (#1,012) This is probably not a helpful piece of advice but I found that once I started a habit of leaving new purchases in the bag for a few days or a week and then taking them out and contemplating them, about 3/4 of the time I ended up returning whatever I bought, and the rest of the time I felt really good about keeping it. The cooling off period and then contemplating it away from the store and the pressure from salespeople in the harsh light of your own closet is a good reality check. This works if you buy from somewhere with a return policy (not a stupid exchange/store credit policy), and is also obviously sort of a waste of time, but seriously cut down on regrettable purchases. Posted on March 20, 2013 at 12:06 pm Reply » 1 BananaPeel (#1,555) @Michelle SUCH a good practice! I will often buy things with the expectation that there is a 50% chance I will return them once I try them on again at home — that way I don’t feel obligated to keep something it turns out I don’t really love. There’s a DSW bag at home that is headed back this weekend :) Posted on March 20, 2013 at 12:16 pm Reply » rorow (#1,665) this is SUCH a great idea. i am in for the challenge, especially because i am trying to save for a BIG LIFE CHANGE. i am going to set my start date as April 22nd, because by then i will have had time for steps 2-4. i am only going to do it until the end of October though, because i’m hoping BIG LIFE CHANGE will happen then which will require a massive purge and potential acquisitions. praying for gift cards already. Posted on March 20, 2013 at 12:24 pm Reply » Madeline Shoes (#1,324) Ahhh! I’m so happy you posted this – I put myself on a shopping ban right before Christmas. I am DEFINITELY a stress shopper, went to clean out my closet and ended up giving 6 garbage bags of stuff to Goodwill. A lot of it was new with tags, and now I can’t even picture ONE thing that I gave away. I, too, gave myself rules (and shared them with my boyfriend in case I tried to break them): 1) NOTHING – no jewelry, no shoes, no bags, no “it’s 30% and you always need a black cardigan!” exceptions 2) When I feel like I’m about to crack, I go through my makeup bag or my toiletries and see what needs to be replaced soon. Then I go to Sephora or CVS and buy that. So far this has only happened twice. 3) I’m going to Italy for 10 days this summer. I’m bringing $500 “fun money” that I’ve been saving up. I’ll let myself use that money and NO MORE for jewelry, clothes, shoes, etc. A lot of this money is money I saved by NOT impluse buying things off the internet. 4) I unsubscribed from all of my retail emails – too much temptation and they make it SO easy to buy things! Ever since I gave so much stuff away and pared down my closet, I’ve been feeling SO much more put together because I can actually see what I’ve got and store things in a way that doesn’t crumple them as much. Once I get my summer things out of the space bags under my bed, I think I’m going to do another purge. And I just realized – today is my 4-month no shopping anniversary! Hopefully I’ll make it to December 20. Posted on March 20, 2013 at 12:37 pm Reply » 2 Beezus (#1,007) I have a similar challenge for myself for this year: Buy no books. No books! Do you know how many books I bought last year?? Neither do I, but I do know it was a lot. It feels like a smart, healthy thing to do, so I have never kept track of my spending on books ever, at all. And now, it’s so easy to download them onto my Kindle – it removes the feeling of purchasing, of spending actual money. It’s just, look, a book has magically appeared! I counted it all up, and I currently own 35 books that I have not read. WHAT. That is ridiculous. And that is only physical books – I know there are a few on my Kindle I impulsively bought but haven’t read, either. So this year, I’ve decided I’m going to read ALL of them, and sell or give away the physical books I just really don’t care to read. I’ve also been frequenting the library much more regularly. And so far, it’s working out GREAT, you guys! I’ve been keeping track since the start of the year, and I’ve already read 10 books. FOR NO DOLLARS. Absolutely NO DOLLARS. And I’m still reading great books! I just finished Emma Forrest’s “Your Voice in My Head” (oh god so great, just so great) and this morning I got an email from the Seattle library telling me that both non-”Gone Girl” Gillian Flynn books are available to download, so that will keep me busy for a few days. Posted on March 20, 2013 at 12:38 pm Reply » 1 Cup of T (#2,533) @Beezus Books! You sound like the best kind of addict ;) Happy reading! Posted on March 20, 2013 at 1:04 pm Reply » 1 Flora Poste (#2,586) @Beezus You should read Susan Hill’s book “Howards End is on the Landing: A year of reading from home”, she does exactly that! Posted on March 20, 2013 at 3:43 pm Reply » 1 Beezus (#1,007) @Flora Poste Oh, cool! Just requested from the library – AND discovered that Karen Russell’s “Vampires in the Lemon Grove” is on hold for me! I was actually going to break my no-books-bought-in-2013 thing and buy this tomorrow, as a birthday present to myself. (I’m turning 28!) And now I don’t have to! Amazing. Posted on March 20, 2013 at 4:40 pm Reply » cryptolect (#1,135) @Beezus I don’t have a Kindle, but apparently you can get any public domain books for free. Does that count? Also, does something like Bookmooch count? Posted on March 21, 2013 at 8:32 pm Reply » Cup of T (#2,533) Hot tip for people who don’t want to accumulate anything, like at all: move all the damn time and be forced to physically carry everything you own with you. I’ve been living out of a large suitcase for the last year and half (with the occasional switching out of items when my boyfriend comes to visit/I go there) and while it’s tough to have to constantly say to myself “no, I can’t buy x, my suitcase barely closes as it is” it’s been very effective in limiting my purchases. That said, as soon as I get to stay in one place for longer than a few months I will be nesting like craaaazy! I’m embarassed to admit how much time I spend looking at rugs, bookshelves etc. for a future apartment. Posted on March 20, 2013 at 1:03 pm Reply » 2 EM (#1,012) @Cup of T YES. I moved six times in three years and it made me really unsentimental about giving stuff away. Posted on March 20, 2013 at 1:23 pm Reply » 1 LaurenIpsum (#3,413) Selling some items that still have value and are in good shape on Ebay is a great way to bring in a little income and clean out your closet. That way, if you, say, sell 5 items, you can maybe use that money to invest in 1 piece that will bring out the best in the rest of your wardrobe. And the practice of evaluating your closet, which you need to do to figure out what you want to sell, is helpful for figuring out what you have enough of and what pieces you should invest in next. Posted on March 20, 2013 at 1:10 pm Reply » blair (#1,962) Not tryna brag or nothing, but I have literally NEVER had this problem–shopping for clothes used to make so me RACKED (get it) with guilt that I only ever bought secondhand things and as a result always looked just a bit ratty and ill-fitted. Nowadays (as in, the days where I have a salary), I’m trying to the OPPOSITE: train myself that yes, it’s okay to buy sensible (or even expensive) pieces to built a wardrobe, you are not being wasteful, you cannot go to work naked, you deserve clothes that have never been worn on a stranger’s body, etc. It’s harder than it sounds…I am currently grilling my conscience over whether or not to buy a pair of pants on super-duper sale at J. Crew for the whopping total of forty bucks. Posted on March 20, 2013 at 1:14 pm Reply » 2 Catface (#1,106) @blair Buy the pants. You are not being wasteful. $40 for pants you love at J. Crew will not happen very often, trust me. And if you take care of them (seconding everything up above about washing as infrequently as possible, drying racks, etc.) they will last for years. Posted on March 20, 2013 at 3:22 pm Reply » honey cowl (#1,510) I hate shopping. It is the worst. Therefore I do not have this problem. Good luck Alexa, your one year sounds like basically my whole life! You can do it, it’s not that hard! Posted on March 20, 2013 at 1:15 pm Reply » kellyography (#250) @honey cowl Ditto. I used to love it when I was in high school, and wonder why my mom hated it so much. Now that my mom and I are the same shape, I get it. Trying on clothes makes my soul cry. Posted on March 20, 2013 at 3:25 pm Reply » maddog (#1,935) Ugh, I read something somewhere about how clothes should only take up less than 10% of your net monthly income and it depressed me (although I am trying to abide by that rule). It’s not that I’m a shopaholic, it’s just that I’m underpaid! Posted on March 20, 2013 at 1:23 pm Reply » BananaPeel (#1,555) @maddog I recently read 4% (in a magazine, I think, which means it was probably a fashion magazine!) and that seems barely workable if you have to dress up for work. Posted on March 20, 2013 at 2:56 pm Reply » gidge (#601) I have done this! Not for a year, but for a long enough time to break me of my insane shopping habit. Two things that really helped me: I hit UNSUBSCRIBE every time a shopping email came into my inbox. Gilt Group? Unsubscribe. J.Crew? Unsubscribe. Hautelook? Unsubscribe. Etc, etc, etc. I also would immediately put new catalogs into the recycling bin and try to unsubscribe from them, as well. If you have any store credits cards, take them out of your wallet and leave them at home. I had a Banana Republic card, and I stuck it on a shelf. If I passed BR and wanted to go in, I would say “Come back with your card so you can get the discount” and by the time I was home the temptation had passed. Also, I did a mega closet clean out and consigned quite a few clothes. Instead of taking cash, I took credit at the consignment boutique. This meant I had a few guilt-free cheats where I picked up a new top or shoes because I had the credit stored up there. Happy non-shopping! Posted on March 20, 2013 at 3:19 pm Reply » 1 CaddyFdot (#2,686) If you need a little visual display of your achievement, try http://www.chains.cc. It lets you set up a chain for each habit you want to track (like “Did not buy clothes,” “Flossed teeth,” or in my case “Did not order pizza”) and then you check off every day you succeed in maintaining the habit. It gives you both the number of your longest chain and most recent chain, and you can scroll down the whole length to see the successful days displayed in bright colors. I started more than a month ago and have had NO pizza, and had gone three weeks without purchasing clothes until I had to acknowledge my weight gain with a couple new bras and jeans (and then bought new sweaters and shoes to make myself feel better about needing bigger bras and jeans). Posted on March 20, 2013 at 3:22 pm Reply » kellyography (#250) @CaddyFdot Oh my god, not having pizza is really difficult for me, too. It is my favorite thing. So once a month, I let myself order a pan pizza from Domino’s, and eat pizza for like three meals straight, and it is my favorite day of the month. Posted on March 20, 2013 at 3:27 pm Reply » Green Tea Ghost Story (#2,573) Sorting through your closet and re-evaluating your clothes is an excellent way to figure out your own shopping habits. Having lots of cheap stuff I’ve never worn says to me that, NO, ten dollars is usually not a good price for something if it is so weird I will never wear it. My overflowing cabinet says that I am pretty obsessed with humorous t-shirts and fancy summer dresses, and I should probably cool off on that for a while. Best-used items: the two thermal leggings that I wear almost every day of the week in the wintertime, my plain v-neck t-shirts, and both light-weight and heavy cardigans <3 Posted on March 20, 2013 at 8:23 pm Reply » Beaks (#3,488) This might sound strange, but I’ve started laying out my outfits (including accessories) the night before (per UFYH’s un-f your morning posts), and I totally feel like I own twice as many clothes now. Taking time to pick out outfits at night when I’m not in a rush means I try new combinations and rotate in more clothes rather than grabbing the same two things in a mad rush out the door. Posted on March 21, 2013 at 1:19 am Reply » 3 happy (#3,511) I broke my shopping addiction by baking biscuits for my dog on the weekends. I tried baking for humans for a long time first but the stuff wasn’t edible. Dog treats only have around 3 ingredients so they’re harder to mess up. My additions are: Investing in a good hair iron/products. Shabby clothes aren’t so bad when you’ve got a salon quality hair style every day. My $150 titanium babybliss has served me well for the past 7 years. Also, spend some dough on good facial care products. For $200 I can give myself a weekly 5-step facial at home for the cost of two annually at a salon. Cheap fresh cut flowers by the kitchen sink where I spend 1-2 hours per day prepping food and cleaning also make me feel prettier for some reason. Finally, when I feel poorly dressed, I smile and stand up straight. Doesn’t matter what you wear, how much you weigh, whatever, (according to Cosmo) this is an instant appearance booster (which i really need to work on…). I find myself doing this when I’m going into a restaurant or party in 10 year old sneakers and an overcoat… Posted on March 21, 2013 at 8:02 am Reply » 1 Matthew Gordon@twitter (#3,570) A trick I’ve recommended to a few people now, and they all (seem to) like it: Whenever you’ve just washed clothes that go in a drawer, put them in the bottom of the drawer and move the clothes from the bottom of the drawer to the top. Also, make sure the clothes you have hung up in your closet that you haven’t worn in a while are plainly visible. Posted on May 16, 2013 at 12:04 pm Reply » Post a Comment You must be logged-in to post a comment. Register Now or Login To Your Account Settings|Log Out Post Comment Edit Comment Cancel Related Posts Sell My Old Clothes, I’m Off to Heaven What My Mother Taught Me About Shopping for Clothes Paying to Clean Clothes In the Dry Way Read More How To Do Stuff How Other People Do Money Rental Histories My Last Hundred Bucks The Billfold Subscribe to our weekly newsletter!! Need to know even more? Email Us About Advertise Editor: Mike Dang Associate Editors: Meaghan O'Connell, Ester Bloom Network: The Awl Follow @thebillfold RSS feed Contributors Meaghan O'Connell » Every Little Thing She Does Is 1 Thing Ester Bloom » Which Extinct Job Would You Be Best At? Heather Funk » Expenses Relating to My Wedding That I Couldn’t Possibly Have Anticipated Nicole Dieker » The Billfold Book Club Discusses Helaine Olen’s ‘Pound Foolish’ Josh Michtom » Concerning Eschewing Ivies and Raising Working-Class Heroes See all contributors » Most Popular Expenses Relating to My Wedding That I Couldn’t Possibly Have Anticipated How David Shapiro, Creator of Pitchfork Reviews Reviews, Does Money The Billfold Book Club Discusses Helaine Olen’s ‘Pound Foolish’ From Our Partner LearnVest Baby on Board at 40: 5 Top Money Moves for Older Parents Americans Rev Up Their Retirement Contributions Past, Present & Future: How Money Memories Play Into Financial Success Pay Yourself First: The Habit That Can Help You Build Wealth Struggling to Meet Your Money Goals? Think in the Short Term From Our Partner Savvy Sugar 13 Signs You're Addicted to Cleaning 9 Jobs For People Who Hate Small Talk 13 Creative Ways to Avoid Spending Money POPSUGAR Shout Out: Discover New Ways to Use Henna 22 Crucial Lessons I Have Learned About Surviving My 20s   Teens Versus Memorial Working for The Man   Humor Sickness: What Makes Comedians Tick? The Inside Story of The Meltdown with Jonah and Kumail   Insufferable Parenthetical Asides, Ranked The Hairpin Rom Com Club   Deals: Our favorite SSD, Samsung 840 EVO 250GB matched its lowest price, $120 with a code (from $140) Updated: Amazon Fire phone, travel gear, multitool   About Contact Advertise Legal RSS
http://www.businessinsider.com/companies-revolutionizing-retail-2013-2?op=1
Featured Trending Recent Login Remember me I forgot username or password Login with Twitter Login with Facebook Login with LinkedIn Login with Google Register Events BI Intelligence Tech Finance Politics Strategy Life Entertainment All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. 51 Companies That Are Changing The Way We Shop Ashley Lutz and Kim Bhasin Feb. 5, 2013, 1:28 PM 1,829,003 25 facebook linkedin twitter google+ print email print email share share tweet share print email Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Linkedin share print email Augment With the advent of e-commerce, retail is changing more than nearly any other industry.  In this evolving environment, a few trailblazers have set themselves apart, and are revolutionizing the way we perceive and consume retail. Some retailers have altered their merchandising strategies to accommodate today's fast-paced shoppers. Others are making e-commerce more personalized than ever.  These 51 companies are changing the entire shopping experience, from what happens in stores to how customers find goods online. Our list includes everything from multinational corporate heavyweights to innovative new start-ups that launched recently.  Click here to see the companies > There are plenty more innovative companies out there. Let us know your favorites we missed in the comments below. Hointer is taking humans out of stores. www.hointer.com Headquarters: Seattle, Washington Year founded: 2012 Why it's revolutionary: Led by former head of supply chain and fulfillment tech for Amazon, Nadia Shouraboura, Hointer is changing the way you shop for clothes by using a robotic sales staff. You download an app, go to the showroom, and scan the QR codes of the clothing you'd like to try. The clothes are delivered automatically right to the fitting room, customers swipe their card on the tablet, and walk out. Zara is altering how the fashion business works. Headquarters: Arteixo, Spain Year founded: 1975 Why it's revolutionary: Zara's revolutionary strategy includes stocking light and replenishing with totally new products. As a result, the top fashion houses have started creating even more collections. Zara's fast-fashion outlook is appropriate for the short attention span of today's consumer, and the retailer is expanding globally.  Augment is trailblazing in simulated reality, a necessity in today's world of e-commerce. Augment Headquarters: Paris, France  Year founded: 2010 Why it's revolutionary: Augment creates instant, 3D models of products people want to buy and helps them determine if it's what they really want. It's currently working to provide simulations on customers' smartphones, making it possible to explore and buy products anywhere.  STORY provides an interactive, physical experience for brands and retailers. STORY Headquarters: Manhattan, New York Year founded: 2011 Why it's revolutionary: STORY is a retail space that completely changes every four to eight weeks and gives e-commerce sites like Birchbox a physical store. STORY began as "A Startup Store" in 2011. The business model is the first of its kind, not only because of how it brings e-commerce to life, but because STORY includes paid brand partners who ‘sponsor’ different iterations. Storenvy allows independent vendors to open and customize their own virtual shops. storenvy.com Headquarters: San Francisco, California Year founded: 2008 Why it's revolutionary: While big-budget companies can afford to make e-commerce sites special, smaller businesses often don't have that luxury. Storenvy creates a more level playing field by allowing its 30,000+ vendors to personalize their online stores.  Threadless' crowd-sourcing merchandising caught the attention of America's largest retailers. http://beta.threadless.com/ Headquarters: Chicago, Illinois Year founded: 2000 Why it's revolutionary: Threadless is an apparel company that lets artists submit designs for t-shirts, housewares and more. The designs with the most votes become available for purchase. The company recently got the attention of Gap, which started carrying Threadless t-shirts. Amazon continues to be the leader in e-commerce. David McNew / Getty Images Headquarters: Seattle, Washington Year founded: 1994 Why it's revolutionary: Amazon has raised the bar for everyone, and has major retailers like Target rushing to step up their game in e-commerce. Amazon is also foraying into food and fashion, which could likely make it the world's first online superstore. It's also working to crack the code for widespread same-day shipping, which would instantly disrupt the entire retail world. Selfridges has pop-up concepts that combine retail and art. Wikimedia Commons Headquarters: London, United Kingdom Year founded: 1909 Why it's revolutionary: Selfridges prides itself on selling a little bit of everything. But the company really shines at merchandising, bringing in artistic exhibits like the current "no-noise" concept that eliminated logos from iconic brands like Levi's and Heinz.  Kiva Systems makes distribution centers more efficient. Kiva Systems Headquarters: San Francisco, California Year founded: 2004 Why it's revolutionary: Companies like Toys 'R' Us and Timbaland use Kiva Systems' robots in their e-commerce warehouses. The robots fetch items quickly and with perfect accuracy. As a result, customers can get packages more quickly.  Rent The Runway is using real customers as models for its offerings. Headquarters: Manhattan, New York Year founded: 2009 Why it's revolutionary: The subscription site caught on quickly because it allows women to rent formal clothing for special events. This year, Rent the Runway started MyRunway, a program that lets customers upload photos of their dresses and review the fit. This meets two consumer needs: the backlash against models, and the demand for information about products.  Square is helping to expedite the death of the cash register. Jack Dorsey on Instagram Headquarters: San Francisco, California Year founded: 2010 Why it's revolutionary: Square's tiny mobile-payment system helps business transactions happen anywhere.  This not only gives power to small businesses, but it helps larger ones do away with traditional lines and cash registers. Associates armed with mobile devices can complete any transaction.  Walmart has a high-tech lab that aims to shape the future of commerce. Walmart Stores via flickr Headquarters: Bentonville, Arkansas Year founded: 1962 Why it's revolutionary: The world's largest retailer can't afford to let up. @WalmartLabs, its innovation center, exists to create the "core technology" that will blast Walmart into the future. Here, they're working on everything from specialized search engines to tracking buyers' habits to distribution solutions. Fab is the "Ikea Of Fashion." Daniel Goodman / Business Insider Headquarters: Manhattan, NY Year founded: 2011 Why it's revolutionary: The design-based social site garnered 10 million members in its first two years and has been called the "Ikea of Fashion." The site is successful because of its social format and how it's been able to bring high fashion to the masses.  OpenSky chooses products based on consumer preferences. Wikipedia Headquarters: Manhattan, New York. Year founded: 2009 Why it's revolutionary: OpenSky.com is a social network with 2.5 million members for shopping that helps people discover, buy and share unique goods that match their individual taste. Members create their own shopping circle by connecting to their friends and choice of the site’s industry insiders like Bobby Flay or Martha Stewart to create a personalized shopping experience and gain access to exclusive information, advice and product recommendations from people they trust. Shopify can create an e-commerce store in 20 minutes. Headquarters: Ottawa, Canada Year founded: 2006 Why it's revolutionary: Shopify can build an aesthetically-pleasing e-commerce site in about 20 minutes, according to founder Tobi Lutke (pictured). The amazing platform makes e-commerce more accessible to all businesses, and makes the customer experience more enjoyable.  Warby Parker is making prescription glasses more affordable for everyone. Pinterest Headquarters: Manhattan, New York Year founded: 2010  Why it's revolutionary: Until recently, people didn't question paying an average of $300 for prescription glasses. But Warby Parker is changing the eyewear industry by selling glasses for $95 per pair and taking on Luxottica, the company that sells most people their glasses. "Glasses shouldn't cost as much as an iPhone," co-founder Neil Blumenthal said.  UPS is keeping packages more secure. Daniel Goodman / Business Insider Headquarters: Sandy Springs, Georgia Year founded: 1907 Why it's revolutionary: UPS delivers billions of packages a year. As more consumers order online, UPS is adapting by implementing "gopost" lockers outside of post offices. The lockers allow consumers to retrieve their packages in a secure place, without working through a middleman.  Pinterest is changing how companies present their products. Pinterest screencap Headquarters: San Francisco, California Year founded: 2010 Why it's revolutionary: Pinterest is a platform where people share things they like. It's proven to be a boon for retailers including Etsy and Whole Foods. Retailers from Gap to Target have altered their marketing campaigns to include the platform.  Blue Nile is disrupting the jewelry business. Headquarters: Seattle, Washington Year founded: 1999 Why it's revolutionary: Online jewelry shop Blue Nile targets regular guys who don't understand diamonds — a market segment that was previously ignored. It's trashing the industry's secretive status quo. Blue Nile's latest step is an iPhone app that helps customers find the best diamond for them, making the shopping experience easier. Shopkick is creating the personal experience that shoppers crave. Headquarters: Palo Alto, California.  Year founded: 2010. Why it's revolutionary: Shopkick is a mobile app that sends shoppers rewards when they're at retailers like Crate & Barrel, Target and Old Navy and is easier than carrying loyalty cards. "No plastic cards, no confusing rules, no extra steps," Shopkick says on its website. Just walking in with a smart phone earns perks.  Openhouse provides a place for pop-ups to thrive. Openhouse Headquarters: Manhattan, New York Year founded: 2007 Why it's revolutionary: Openhouse provides venues for pop-up shops, a growing trend in the retail world. As one of the only companies dedicated to this growing trend, Openhouse is important because it gives independent vendors a reliable place to sell.  Yihaodian is a working as a bridge to the all-important Chinese consumer base. AP/Andy Wong Headquarters: Beijing, China  Year founded: 2008 Why it's revolutionary: Yihaodian provides same-day delivery to its 24 million customers in China. Because Chinese e-commerce is expanding so rapidly, retailers like Walmart have rushed to form partnerships.  Stylitics keeps track of customers' wardrobes the way Mint.com does with money. Flickr / LizMarie_AK Headquarters: Manhattan, New York  Year founded: 2011 Why it's revolutionary: Stylitics is an app that logs what customers own, and keeps track of what they buy and wear. Ultimately, Stylitics tracks what brands customers wear the most and affirms which companies they're most loyal to.  Zappos builds customer relationships like no other. Flickr / kedjadlen Headquarters: Henderson, Nevada Year founded: 1999 Why it's revolutionary: Shoe-seller Zappos, now owned by Amazon, has made massive strides in "relationship marketing," building an incredible reputation for customer service. With the rise of social, Zappos continues to set the standard and find ways to augment its loyal customer base. 20x200 makes art accessible. Headquarters: Manhattan, New York Year founded: 2007 Why it's revolutionary: 20x200 is an e-commerce site that allows a design enthusiast to transform into an art collector. The idea is to curate affordable art and become a gateway into art collection, benefiting both the consumer and the artists. Restoration Hardware is making showrooming an asset instead of an enemy. Restoration Hardware Headquarters: Corte Madera, California Year founded: 1979 Why it's revolutionary: Restoration Hardware decreased its number of physical stores and used the remaining ones as showrooms. Sofas, tables, rugs and other decor were meticulously arranged with an emphasis on the aesthetic. Customers could find even more merchandise online or in catalogs while shopping in the stores. Bib + Tuck is an online market tailored to the fast-fashion culture. Bib + Tuck Headquarters: New York, New York Year founded: 2011 Why it's revolutionary: Co-founder Sari Azout told Vogue that Bib + Tuck is like "Sartorialist meets eBay." The invitation-only site allows members to buy, sell and trade clothing items, perfect for today's fast-fashion mentality.  Lululemon's amazing merchandise strategy eliminates excess merchandise. Flickr/http://www.flickr.com/photos/lululemonathletica/5123967968/ Headquarters: Vancouver, British Columbia Year founded: 1998 Why it's revolutionary: Lululemon has accomplished what most retailers only dream of: eliminated discounted merchandise. Instead, Lululemon offers fewer items to create the perception of scarcity, resulting in "fanatical" shoppers, and 95 percent of merchandise selling for full-price CEO Christine Day told the WSJ.  Tommy John is becoming for men what Victoria's Secret is for women. Tommy John Headquarters: Manhattan, New York Year founded: 2009 Why it's revolutionary: Founder Tom Patterson started Tommy John to solve one of men's biggest clothing complaints: baggy undershirts. Since then, the brand has expanded to 500 stores nationwide, including Nordstrom.  Hall & Madden is changing how men buy dress shirts. Hall & Madden Headquarters: Chicago, Illinois.  Year founded: 2012 Why it's revolutionary: Two tailors started Hall & Madden last year after noticing that men's dress shirts rarely fit correctly. The shirts are as high-quality as those manufactured by Hugo Boss, Burberry, and Gucci, but for about one-third of the price ($150 for three).  Etsy didn't stop at its successful website. Etsy Blog Etsy seller snapcrafty is swamped with orders Headquarters: Brooklyn, NY Year founded: 2005 Why it's revolutionary: Etsy has been called a high-quality and well-run street fair. But Etsy also has one of the best mobile-apps around and wisely got involved with Pinterest, where it's the most-pinned company. Other retailers are watching to see how it will engage customers next.  Target is getting loyalty programs right. Nate Grigg/Flickr Headquarters: Minneapolis, Minnesota Year founded: 1902 Why it's revolutionary: Target's REDcard is one of the most attractive, simple loyalty cards among the big every-day retailers. Between the 5 percent discount, no annual fee, and additional perks, the card is making a difference for consumers (who pay their balances on time.) Patagonia is connecting to a shift in consumer values. Headquarters: Ventura, California Year founded: 1972 Why it's revolutionary: Patagonia's Cyber Monday ad campaign urged consumers not to buy new clothes if they didn't need them and pointed them to its Common Threads program. The anti-consumer message and commitment to sustainability shows Patagonia is a leader in an industry-wide initiative.  Apple's store designs have the industry's full attention. Apple Headquarters: Cupertino, California Year founded: 1976 Why it's revolutionary: Apple already transformed the retail landscape when the minimalistic design of the Apple Store took off, but the world's most valuable company hasn't let up. New, unique stores push the envelope, always trying to be more beautiful than the last. Tory Burch is quickly becoming an empire by hitting a market sweet spot. Tory Burch Headquarters: Manhattan, New York Year founded: 2004 Why it's revolutionary: Tory Burch rose to popularity with her famous ballet flats. Since then, her lifestyle brand has expanded to clothing, handbags and jewelry. The secret to her success is that she's hitting a great category of consumers: people who have money to spend, but aren't rich.  ShoeDazzle is hand-picking shoes that women will love. Headquarters: Los Angeles, California  Year founded: 2009 Why it's revolutionary: ShoeDazzle takes the experience of buying shoes to a whole new level through a curated "showroom" that chooses selections based on the customer's preferences. Business is exploding: the retailer went from 3 to 13 million customers in 2012.  eBay is revolutionizing payments through PayPal. Wikimedia Commons Headquarters: San Jose, California Year founded: 1995 Why it's revolutionary: eBay's PayPal division is changing how people pay for things. Recent innovations include a program with McDonald's France which allows customers to pay ahead online and says many similar programs will roll out in the U.S. this year. Knot Standard is helping men find better-fitting suits at affordable prices. LexnGer via flickr Headquarters: Manhattan, New York  Year founded: 2010 Why it's revolutionary: Knot Standard takes the anxiety out of shopping for men by offering local tailors who provide measurements and online ordering of suits. The result is a better-fitting product and happier customer. Other retailers can learn from Knot Standard's efforts to personalize the customer experience. Victoria's Secret's marketing prowess is the envy of apparel retailers everywhere. Jamie McCarthy / Getty Images Headquarters: Columbus, Ohio Year founded: 1977 Why it's revolutionary: Victoria's Secret's marketing, culminating with its annual fashion show, is among the best in the business. The company defied an economic downturn to report record sales for three years straight.  Yumani makes sellers compete for customers. Yumani Headquarters: Manhattan, New York Year founded: 2010 Why it's revolutionary: Yumani is a site that tries to give consumers more power by letting them request products at lower prices. The more consumers, the bigger the discount. "With online auctions, am I supposed to compete with other buyers to drive up the price of an item?" asked founder Henry Zilberman. "The concept seems completely backwards!" Bow & Drape is making strides with custom-fit dresses. Screengrab from Bow & Drape Headquarters: Boston, Massachusetts Year founded: 2012 Why it's revolutionary: Bow & Drape is an online-only clothing retailer that sells customized dresses that fit to a woman's exact measurements. Right now, it uses an at-home Fit Kit (low-tech) or "photorealistic dynamic configurator" (high-tech) methods to ensure the perfect fit, but it eventually wants to let consumers upload an avatar to fit themselves virtually. Vente-privee is setting a new standard for flash sales. Headquarters: Paris, France Year founded: 2001 Why it's revolutionary: Flash sale sites have recently surged in popularity. But Vente-privee sets a new standard by only offering premium merchandise from the hottest designers and also using curators like designer Joe Zee to add credibility to its selections.  Macy's is an old brand that's staying ahead. Kim Bhasin / Business Insider Headquarters: Cincinnati, Ohio Year founded: 1858 Why it's revolutionary: Macy's continues to identify and act on new retail trends, coming up with great new ideas. Beauty Spot, for instance, is a cosmetics concept kiosks to improve the experience on the selling floor. It's also making strides with location tracking in its big stores, delivery systems, and digital receipts. Frank & Oak curates style online. Headquarters: Montreal, Canada Year founded: 2012 Why it's revolutionary: Frank & Oak is an online clothing shop for men that personalizes customers' offerings as they shop. Its algorithm is unique and presents you with what you're most likely to be interested in. It wants to curate style — not just products. FreshDirect is reinventing grocery shopping. Headquarters: Long Island City, New York Year founded: 2002 Why it's revolutionary: FreshDirect has grown to become the Internet's most popular grocer — it now delivers groceries to people in cities around the world — and it's not stopping there. It has been working hard on staying true to its name and maintaining freshness at all times, with "quality freshness ratings" that are updated daily and a warehouse with seven different climates. Ikea is one of the first major retailers to make progress in India. AP Headquarters: Delft, Netherlands Year founded: 1943 Why it's revolutionary: The world's largest furniture maker plans to enter the emerging market of India in a big way, opening 25 stores in the near future. It's always working to improve its products' functionality and style, along with marketing that sets the standard in its industry. JCPenney is altering the look of stores everywhere. Business Insider Headquarters: Plano, Texas Year founded: 1902 Why it's revolutionary: JCPenney's CEO has raised eyebrows in his year-long tenure by announcing the company would cease promotions. But the in-store experience that he's in the process of creating at JCPenney has competitors rushing to emulate it. The full store of branded shops, a half-mile long aisle for customers to hang out, and a seasonal entertainment area have the potential to change how people buy in department stores. Threadflip is helping women find a home for their unwanted clothes. ThreadFlip Headquarters: San Francisco, California Year founded: 2012 Why it's revolutionary: Threadflip lets women buy and sell second-hand fashion goods, but is less of a hassle than eBay or other shopping sites. For an additional fee, Threadflip will take what users send in and post it themselves.  Marks & Spencer is pursuing a green supply chain. Wikipedia Headquarters: London, England Year founded: 1884 Why it's revolutionary: Marks & Spencer, the U.K.'s all-in-one retailer, has taken some of the most drastic steps for sustainability of any major company. It encourages shoppers to donate old clothes for a voucher and uses recycled plastic bottles (not oil) to make polyester for its clothing.  Bonobos is helping men find clothes that actually fit. Bonobos.com Headquarters: Manhattan, New York.  Year founded: 2008 Why it's revolutionary: Bonobos is blazing an empire by making shopping more convenient for men. Men provide simple measurements and Bonobos sends clothing that is fashionable and fits them well. Perks like free shipping and painless returns are the cherry on top.  Birchbox makes consumers an offer they can't refuse. Headquarters: Manhattan, New York Year founded: 2010 Why it's revolutionary: Birchbox sends subscribers a box of high-end beauty supplies for just $10 a month. This year, the company launched a program for male subscribers. Birchbox is a leader in a current industry trend: curating great experiences for consumers.  These companies are changing the way we shop, but not all retailers are as successful. By daysofthundr46 on Flickr Check out the dead websites of zombie retailers > facebook linkedin twitter google+ email email share share tweet share email Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Linkedin Share on Google Plus email Recommended For You Advertisement: Comments Comments on this post are now closed. Insiders 2 All Comments 25 Apply To Be An "Insider" » Loading 51 Companies That Are Changing The Way We Shop 51 Companies That Are Changing The Way We Shop Trailblazers. Get Retail Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Retail Select More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Breaking News Business Insider Events Entertainment Entertainment Select Sports Select Finance Finance Select Markets Select Monday Scouting Report Your Money Select Financial Advisor Insights Smart Investor Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select Marketing Mondays Advertising: The Brief Politics Politics Select Military Select Law & Order Select Life Life Select Transportation Select Education Select Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Social Media Chart Of The Day Mobile Chart Of The Day Video Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Advertisement Your Money NASDAQ Composite 4,475 +1.46 (+0.033%) S&P 500 1,989 +2.15 (+0.108%) NYSE Composite 11,049 +24.63 (+0.223%) Sponsored By LinkedIn E-COMMERCE AND THE FUTURE OF RETAIL: 2014 [SLIDE DECK] The 'Internet Of Things' Will Be Bigger Than The Smartphone, Tablet, And PC Markets Combined LinkedIn May Not Be The Coolest Social Network, But It's Only Becoming More Valuable To Businesses Login with LinkedIn to see what your friends are reading on Business Insider. Login with LinkedIn No articles have recently been shared in your network. More » Sponsored Content The Soylent Subculture: 10 People Tell Us What It's Like Living on Powdered Food More "Game Changers" » How Does GPS Work? More "Innovation Explained" » The 21 Coolest Small Businesses In Toronto More "Moving Forward" » A San Francisco Startup Has Plans To Blow Up The Egg Industry More "Game Changers" » Welcome, ! You are logged into Facebook Social: Your Activity| These articles have been shared on your timeline. You can remove them here: Options Notify me when a story is shared. Yes No Welcome, ! You are logged in with Google Social: Your Activity| These articles have been added to your Google activity log. You can remove them here: Options Notify me when a story is shared. Yes No Watch & Learn How Richard Branson Gets Fresh Water On His Private Island The Science Is In — Why Gluten Sensitivity Is Probably Fake Why Mosquitoes Bite Some People But Not Others Trending The New Digital Frontier: Video The Digital Video Advertising Report: Growth Forecasts And Viewability Scandals The Online Video Ecosystem Explained — Who Holds The Real Power In Video Streaming? Video Game Consoles Are Still The Most Popular Streaming Devices For TVs    Read Business Insider On The Go FREE App Download Available for iPhone, iPad, Android, BlackBerry and Windows Advertisement Find A Job Tech Jobs Media Jobs Finance Jobs C-Level Jobs Design Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs Thanks to our partners * Copyright © 2014 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Powered by MongoDB Hosted by Datapipe Stock quotes by YCharts Made in NYC International Editions: AUS ID IN MY SG
http://www.jacobs-well.net/blog/%255Buser-raw%255D/why-buying-clothes-online-better-bet
Home New to Jacob's Well Who we are How we were born Locations/Directions Sunday Gatherings Staff JW Board Plug in Serve in Children's Ministry Music & the Band Give GroupLife Kids and Youth The Pond (6 mo. to 2 yrs) Splashville (preschool) H20 (K-3rd grade) River Rats (4th - 5th grade) The Lounge (6th - 8th Grade) GroupLife High School (9th - 12th grade) Listen and Watch Messages - Audio Video Contact Us Sunday Gatherings Home › Blogs › Bonnieroslin's blog Why buying clothes online is a better bet? Submitted by Bonnieroslin on Fri, 2013-03-01 05:09 There are few people, who are scared of buying clothes online, but you appearance at the other side, the population of online buyers seems to be increasing. In fact, online shopping is all about buying cheap clothing or robe pas cher, residence comfort and ease, which is not visible over the traditional way of buying method. If you are confused whether to buy these products online or not, then believe the below given solution reasons, which compel people to buy online. You get intense comfort: The basic reason of buying pricey or cheap pants/ pantalon pas cher is due to the added quantity of comfort and convenience found in online shopping. You will always find these stores open, there is no opening or closing time of these stores, hence you have greater flexibility of time. This substitute could be called as the best choice, especially when you happen to be a busy person . Thus remaining in your house coziness you could end up buying anything. You get improved deals and discounts: You could see the alternative of comparing different prices of any particular of clothes with the other, which give you enough reason to find out top and cheap dresses or robe pas cher online, this is really not promising over any shopping mall. Plus, you have an amount of discount offers and deals mushrooming over the online stores. An amount of coupons and e-vouchers coming at your inboxes too help you in getting fairly cost helpful deals, which are not possible over other places . As the running cost of the online stores is less and they have several tax benefits, hence these stores are able to cater cheaper deals as compared to the brick and mortar stores. You get broader options: Apart from getting cheaper pants and t-shirts or pantalon pas cher the other reason to opt online shopping is due to a wider range and its availability in the market. Hence when you are looking out something exact, the online stores could be the topmost bet for you. The different online stores will never find any product going out of stock. In case, if you see effects out of stock, there are dozens of other online stores, which help you in finding the topmost deal for you. You get reviews and thoughts around the products: The competent online stores are usually seen backed by the authentic customer reviews, these are never found over at any physical store . It helps you a lot in the buying choice that makes things simple to buy costly and low cost coats or manteau pas cher online. Bonnieroslin's blog Login or register to post comments Powered by Drupal and Blikk › Login | Arthemia is based on the original design by Michael Hutagalung.
