http://www.linkedin.com/today/post/article/20130204175240-1265384-how-moocs-will-shape-the-future-of-higher-education
Skip to main content Summary<\/strong>', skipToText: 'Skip to: Search<\/strong>', feedbackText: 'Accessibility Feedback', closeText: 'close', anchorText: 'Content Follows:', moreText: 'More in-page navigation options below', smallPageText: 'Not much to look at here. Go directly to content.', searchUrl: '/vsearch/f' }); LinkedIn Home What is LinkedIn? Join Today Sign In Main content starts below. How MOOCs will shape the future of higher education. February 04, 2013 MOOCs are sweeping the land. It’s the Next Big Thing and folks in both Silicon Valley and academia are abuzz. But is the hype deserved and sustainable, or is this just another sign of a venture capital-fueled tech bubble? Massive Open Online Courses – MOOCs – look to be the real deal. Companies like Udacity, Coursera and edX provide a teaching, course management, and enrollment platform where professors from top-flight universities can offer their most popular courses. From Stanford to MIT to Harvard, most of the heavy-weight universities have skin in these particular games. So yes, these hot-hot-hot start-ups have taken a lot of foundation or venture capital money (or both), but they also have a whole lot of substance going on. These companies are also attracting and enrolling a huge number of learners of all ages. It helps that at this stage most of the available courses are free, but it is also an indication of the hunger out there for high-quality online learning opportunities that are also highly accessible (no admissions review or process) and affordable. Considering the next big debt crisis will be centered on student loans, and with the ever-escalating cost of a traditional four-year degree education, more and more students are looking for ways to learn without necessarily incurring the costs of a traditional education (or a least a full four or five years of a college education). But beyond even all this, these platforms are a response to a much larger trend, which is the slow upending of traditional classroom-based education. With the torrid growth of Khan Academy, a non-profit provider of instructional videos for K – 12 students, and the increasing ubiquity of alternative “universities” such as TEDed and Lynda.com for lifelong learning, the availability of high-quality instruction at no or a low cost has never been higher. “Americans are going to start thinking about higher education not as, you know, a traditional college, necessarily, or even a traditional night school, but as something that’s sort of moves beyond these traditional barriers of time and place,” said Ben Wildavsky of the Kauffman Foundation in a recent NPR story. A secondary and more nascent trend is the concept of “credentials 2.0”, which is born of the need to document alternative learning accomplishment and mastery. While everyone recognizes the legitimacy of a bachelor’s degree from an accredited four-year college or university, evaluators don’t quite know what to do with claims that courses were completed via Khan Academy or edX or TEDed. While some provide certificates of completion – more commonly referred to as badges – others do not yet, and those that do may not offer versions that are downloadable or otherwise portable. In response, Mozilla has been at work building a badge platform called Open Badges specifically targeted at both traditional and non-traditional learning environments so students and lifelong learners have a way of verifying a course of study has been completed to a third-party evaluator. And companies like Pathbrite (where I am CEO) are building portfolio platforms that enable the collection and presentation of “artifacts” that can include earned badges, digital versions of transcripts and traditional diplomas, and all manner of work product demonstrating competency. Though MOOCs may sound gimmicky and faddy and even silly, they are the real deal. They’re spawning a supporting ecosystem. And they just may be the future of education. Delete Flag and Hide Undo<\/a>Flagged. Abusive, offensive, or copyright material? Tell us more<\/a>"); LI.i18n.register('commentHidden', "You have flagged and hidden this comment."); LI.i18n.register('dialogReport', "Tell us more"); LI.i18n.register('article_activity_en_US_delete', "Delete"); LI.i18n.register('article_activity_en_US_flag_hide', "Flag and Hide"); } Delete Are you sure you want to delete this comment? Delete Cancel TOP Help Center About Press Blog Careers Advertising Talent Solutions Small Business Mobile Developers Language Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia Čeština Dansk Deutsch English Español 正體中文 Français 한국어 Italiano 简体中文 Nederlands 日本語 Norsk Polski Português Română Русский Svenska Tagalog ภาษาไทย Türkçe SlideShare LinkedIn Updates LinkedIn Influencers LinkedIn Jobs Jobs Directory Pulse Directory Company Directory Groups Directory Universities Directory Title Directory LinkedIn Corporation © 2014 User Agreement Privacy Policy Community Guidelines Cookie Policy Copyright Policy
http://higheredstrategy.com/the-future-of-massive-open-online-courses-moocs/
HESA Higher Education Strategy Associates About Our People One Thought Blog Services HiBAR – Bibliometric Analysis A Different Kind of Applicant Survey Publications Clients Resources Global Higher Ed. Monitor MESA The Future of Massive Open Online Courses (MOOCs) Posted on February 28, 2013 by Alex Usher The extent to which MOOCs will be a genuinely revolutionizing force in higher education is going to depend on three things:  their pedagogy, their ability to convert learning into useful credentials, and their business model.  At the moment, it’s hard to see how MOOCs are succeeding on any of those criteria. Take pedagogy.  The techno-fetishist crowd wants people to believe that, just because a course is online, it must be interactive.  But this is simply false.  Though some MOOCs are genuinely interactive, in the sense of having online tutorials and tests that provide genuine feedback on learning, many – particularly those from Coursera – are literally nothing more than traditional lectures, uploaded to the web.  As Tony Bates and others have pointed out, not only is there nothing new here, it is remarkable how much weaker the new online providers are in terms of online pedagogy compared to established online education providers like Athabasca and the Open University.  Strike one. Next, let’s take credentials.  No MOOC provider is in the business of offering degrees.  For the most part, they aren’t even providing them for credit, although in the US the American Council for Education has now certified a handful of courses as being “of college standard”, meaning that traditional universities may now start accepting them as a form of transfer credit (though this will require a fee, and possibly some extra Prior Learning Assessment work).   For adults who are looking to pick up some knowledge or skills, or just be entertained, this is not a big deal.  For traditional undergraduates looking for a degree to start their career, it’s a deal-breaker. Strike two. (Actually, the best defense universities have against MOOCs is precisely the signaling power of their degrees.  But they don’t like to say this too loudly because their claim on public money stems from an understanding that the value of a degree lies not in its signaling function but rather in the human capital formation it embodies.  Rhetorical contortions ahoy.) Then there’s the lack of a business model.  EdX is currently financed by large wealthy universities doing stuff for free, Udacity is powered by VC money, and Coursera uses a bit of both.  To be sustainable, money has to start changing hands at some point.  Once that happens, students are going to want assistance and services which don’t exist in the current MOOC model, with predictable effects on enrolment.  One University of Washington course saw enrolment fall from 25,000 to 5 when a fee was charged. Now, this isn’t immutable.  Maybe MOOCs will eventually get around all these problems and become wildly successful.  But until they do, tales of revolutionizing the undergraduate experience will remain just that: stories. This entry was posted in MOOCs, Trends in Higher Education. Bookmark the permalink. 2 Responses to The Future of Massive Open Online Courses (MOOCs) Arshad Ahmad says: February 28, 2013 at 10:32 am Hi Alex Good points but weak on references. To give a more balanced view, I would encourage you to share the perspectives of eight brilliant minds at Davos which was apparently the highlight of that global gathering: http://blogs.hbr.org/hbr/hbreditors/2013/01/eight_brilliant_minds_on_the_f.html Then share your experiences after taking a few Coursera MOOCs. Cheers Reply Thomas Carey says: February 28, 2013 at 2:09 pm The institutions experimenting as MOOC content providers are still in the process of developing institutional strategies. So I wouldn’t treat “Strike Two” as a permanent condition: consider the HarvardX strategy which includes “developing online Harvard courses and modules for distribution on edX and also for use in Harvard residential and extended online education”. http://harvardx.harvard.edu/. Our upcoming report for HEQCO on “the impacts of emerging developments in online learning for higher education in Ontario” contains additional references to emerging institutional strategies. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website Comment You may use these HTML tags and attributes: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <strike> <strong> We encourage constructive debate. Therefore, all comments are moderated. While anonymous or pseudonymous comments are permitted, those that are inflammatory or disrespectful may be blocked. One Thought to Start Your Day Daily reflections on issues, trends and data in higher education If you like reading One Thought to Start Your Day online, you'll love getting it by email. Click here to sign up for our daily email. Recent Posts University of Saskatchewan Detritus Paul Cappon, Again How to Measure Teaching Quality The Effects of Tuition Fees (Part 2) The Effects of Tuition Fees (Part 1) Publications 2014 Budget Commentary The Pros and Cons of Internationalization: How Domestic Students Experience the Globalizing Campus 2013 Budget Commentary Measuring Academic Research in Canada: Field-Normalized University Rankings 2012 Making the Most of It: Canadian Student Employment in Summer 2012 Categories "Great Disruption" access apprenticeships bibliometrics Books budget China college cost Data data point employment Europe Finance funding hiring history lesson international labour market MOOCs news OECD Ontario Policy politics Quebec rankings research salaries satisfaction Skilled Trades Statistics Canada strategy student aid student debt student loans tax credits teaching Trends in Higher Education tuition U.K. U.S. Uncategorized universities What We're Reading Now Home About Services Blog News Publications Clients Contact Us ©2010 Higher Education Strategy Associates All Rights Reserved Privacy Connect RSS Twitter Facebook Contact Us Higher Education Strategy Associates The Canadian Education Project Suite 402, 639 Queen Street West Toronto, ON M5V 2B7 phone: 416.848.0215, fax: 416.849.0500 info@higheredstrategy.com
http://www.academia.edu/2977077/Whats_the_future_for_MOOCs_Consider_the_present_of_MMOs
Home Log In Sign Up Type to search for People, Research Interests and Universities Searching... What's the future for MOOCs? Consider the present of MMOs. more by Paul Goode This piece presents ways that one may glimpse the possible future development of the MOOC and massively online higher education by examining the development of the massively multiplayer online (MMO) game industry. This original comparison... more This piece presents ways that one may glimpse the possible future development of the MOOC and massively online higher education by examining the development of the massively multiplayer online (MMO) game industry. This original comparison yields important insights regarding the likelihood that initial entrants in the field will succeed, the adaptability of existing instructional and assessment technologies to the MOOC, and the viability of a subscription model for online higher education. Research Interests: Instructional Design, Educational Technology, Distance Education, Higher Education, Instructional Technology, and 4 more Online Learning, Distance Learning, Virtual Learning, and MOOC ( Online Learning, Distance Learning, Virtual Learning, and MOOC) edit Download (.pdf) Bookmark Edit Delete Move section Download (.pdf) Goode_MOOCs_2012.pdf 54.3 KB Hide Sidebar Loading Preview What's the future for MOOCs? Consider the present of MMOs. Uploaded by Paul Goode DOWNLOAD Sign up Sign In Before we can start your download, please take a moment to join our community of 11,354,416 academic researchers. Connect Connect Sign up with email We're sorry. There were some errors with your registration: By signing up, you agree to our Terms Download PDFs for over 3 Million papers Share your papers with other researchers See analytics on your profile & papers Follow other people in your field Log In Log In with Facebook Log In with Google or Email: Password: Remember me on this computer or reset password Need an account? Click here to sign up Enter the email address you signed up with and we'll email you a reset link. Job Board About Mission Press Blog Stories We're hiring engineers! Help Terms Privacy Copyright Send us Feedback Academia © 2014
http://www.scienceguide.nl/201302/eua-moocs-are-overrated.aspx
Aanmelden nieuwsbrief NIEUWS KENNISBELEID ONDERWIJS ONDERZOEK -VIND EEN LECTOR - HAN - INHOLLAND - ROTTERDAM - STENDEN - LEIDEN - SAXION - HANZE - DE HAAGSE HOGESCHOOL WORLD - HIGHER ED - RESEARCH - DEBATE - ETCETERA - ON THE AGENDA OPINIE DOSSIERS EN OOK CONTACT A A EUA: MOOCs are overrated 26 februari 2013 - The European University Association (EUA) paints a gloomy picture on the future of MOOCs. Will this negative outlook on new forms of education stimulate European Universities to embrace technological innovation? Recently, the European University Association held a discussion on MOOCs. The underlying paper by EUA’s Michael Gaebel (EUA Head of Unit – Higher Education Policy) suggests that the association sees not many ways of embarking on experiments with Open Education, so long as it’s unclear what the future looks like. In the paper the EUA mainly sums up arguments why MOOCs are overrated: they are not new at all, they are generally of low quality, the whole enterprise is purely business driven and quality of the online courses is hitherto not secured. In short EUA goes to great lengths to discourage early adaptors among their membership. Reputation no guarantee for quality The paper quotes Sir John Daniel (Vice-Chancellor of UK's Open University) and others, who think that MOOCs are at present "rather traditional in their pedagogical and didactic approach and also of low quality.” Daniel is quoted saying: “A first myth is that university brand is a surrogate for teaching quality. It isn’t. The so-called elite universities that are rushing into xMOOCs gained their reputations in research. Nothing suggests that they are particularly talented in teaching, especially teaching online.” Furthermore EUA expresses doubts about the drivers behind the development of MOOCs: “With the exception of edX (and probably Futurelearn) the predominant business models are not those of university consortia but business-driven. […] Experience from the software industry indicates that markets respond to powerful brands, and do not necessarily adopt the best solutions.” No credits awarded yet? According to the European University Association “Questions of responsibility and quality assurance have not been addressed hitherto, although it may be that as long as credits are not awarded these issues need not rise to the top of the agenda.” Nevertheless credits are already being awarded, albeit on a small scale. Recently the American Council on Education (ACE) assessed the quality of four MOOCs and gave colleges the recommendation to award credits. What is more: the San Jose State University already awards credits for these courses, thereby allowing students to fully integrate MOOCs in their curricula. The San Jose case is quoted by EUA-report. Searching for the potential An EUA survey revealed that of the 200-membership “two thirds had heard about MOOCs” and  one third confirmed that MOOCs “had been an issue of discussion.” Apparently individual member-universities of EUA move much faster than the average: recently the Delft University of Technology joined the edX-platform founded by MIT, to mention just one example. EUA sees no reason why innovative teaching, for example through Coursera, could not be done, but in the mean time the EUA-paper states that “MOOCs have been mainly successful in the US, and so far very few universities in other parts of the world participate.”    Gerelateerd nieuws: 20 februari   Selling content is so outdated 5 februari   Paying twice for Gold 16 december   NSA is not the enemy, it is Silicon Valley 16 december   Hope, hype or tsunami 9 december   Don’t dare to share! 13 november   Is digital creativity illegal? Focus: Digital Agenda Selling content is so outdated Paying twice for Gold NSA is not the enemy, it is Silicon Valley Hope, hype or tsunami Don’t dare to share! Is digital creativity illegal? Digital skills neglected Tech entrepreneurs: come back from U.S. Online education no longer an option EU goes ultra-high-speed The EU opens up Focus: Europe Universities as philanthropy Drafting a Spanish student loan system On the agenda - Week 20, 2014 Switzerland left behind First ever European Presidential Debate Prepare for second Machine Age Swiss Erasmus student indispensable Students in search of meaning Swiss research collaboration suffers Swiss substitute for ERC Grants Space is Politics Focus: Students British student loans at tipping point On the agenda - Week 27, 2014 How do teachers feel about teaching? Drafting a Spanish student loan system On the agenda - Week 21, 2014 On the agenda - Week 20, 2014 Lessons from Generation Z Making change agents in honours On the Agenda - Week 07, 2014 On the Agenda - Week 06, 2014 Balkan university: a political microcosm Print - Pagina Mail - Artikel Post - Facebook Post - Twitter NIEUWS KENNISBELEID ONDERWIJS ONDERZOEK VIND EEN LECTOR HAN INHOLLAND ROTTERDAM STENDEN LEIDEN SAXION HANZE DE HAAGSE HOGESCHOOL WORLD HIGHER ED RESEARCH DEBATE ETCETERA ON THE AGENDA OPINIE DOSSIERS EN OOK CONTACT
http://www.jisc.ac.uk/inform/inform36/MakingSenseOfMOOCs.html
Previous Page Next Page Issue 36 > Contents > Page 4 of 17 Making sense of MOOCs by David Kernohan, Jisc programme manager You regularly hear about Massively Open Online Courses (MOOCs), but what does this term actually mean, are there different types, how do they work and more importantly what does the future hold for this type of learning? Jisc Inform has asked David Kernohan, Jisc programme manager to help us fill in some of the gaps. MOOCs and Open Courses – what’s the difference? The term MOOC is increasingly being used generically – covering all forms of online learning at scale. But to do this makes a number of unsafe assumptions around intent and pedagogy – simply grouping everything by the price of the course is not enough. All MOOCs are not the same and all online learning at scale is not a MOOC! As a part of the evaluation and synthesis conducted around the UKOER programmes open education consultant Lou McGill has diligently teased apart the differing terms and concepts around open education. Her classifications around ‘open courses’ are a very helpful way to make sense of this ever-changing field. (You can see Lou McGill speak about the wider findings and implications of the UKOER programme evaluation, alongside Professor Allison Littlejohn of Glasgow Caledonian University and me, in an Open Education Week Webinar entitled ‘What You Can Learn from UKOER’). Lou suggests xMOOCs, cMOOCs and Open Boundary courses as three distinct threads running within the wider weave of what might be commonly termed MOOCs. This is a much more sharply delineated version of the analysis of the space that I wrote about on this blog last year (‘Where there’s MOOC there’s brass?’), but it rings true given the way that the enormous levels of hype have polarised the community.   Lou suggests xMOOCs, cMOOCs and Open Boundary courses as three distinct threads running within the wider weave of what might be commonly termed MOOCs. Lou McGill Open education consultant   xMOOCs are the ones you’ve probably read about: the Courseras and EdXs (and maybe FutureLearns) of the world. The classic characterisation of these involves a video lecture from a star professor, students marking each other’s work and maybe the option to purchase a certificate of completion at the end. But even within the walled garden that is Coursera’s bespoke platform there are variations, as individual lecturers attempt to design appropriate experiences to best support learning around a particular topic. But at their worst, xMOOCs can simply replicate the problems with existing mass higher education, such as insufficient direct contact between teacher and learner, and the demand that learners work at the institution’s pace, rather than their own. cMOOCs were the first MOOCs, based around theories of connectivism developed by Canadian educationalists and MOOC pioneers George Siemens, Dave Cormier, Stephen Downes and others. These are characterised by an almost chaotic structure, with an emphasis on building and fostering a community, often making use of blogging and social media in place of a classroom-like learning environment. cMOOCs can offer a lot of benefit for more confident and advanced learners, but require a great deal of effort and understanding to penetrate. Open Boundary (or open classroom) models differ from both of the above in that they are based on a traditionally delivered, in-person course at a particular university. Open students study alongside fee-paying students, with both seeing benefits from wider collaboration and access to a huge variety of resources. Jisc and the HE Academy are proud to have supported one of the first UK examples of this type of course with Phonar and Picbod from the Coventry Open Media Courses project. Free access to higher education is understandably a popular idea – it is not so very long ago that our government guaranteed it to ‘all who could benefit’ from it. But free online courses can offer far more than just a limited replication of the offline experience. As the dust settles, and the venture capital moves elsewhere, it is the courses that offer the most transformative learning experiences that will flourish... and these may not be the names you have read about. (This article originally appeared on the Jisc blog)   Tom Mitchell, Jisc’s e-communications officer, tells us about his experience of a musical MOOC Outside of the day job I like to dabble in music. Having been writing and tweeting about MOOCs at Jisc for the last few months I decided to actually sign up for one with Coursera and enrol on the Berklee College of Music Songwriting course. At the time of writing I'm three weeks into the course. I am pleased to report that I'm finding it more stimulating and engaging than I initially expected an online learning experience to be. Each week I log onto the clear and minimalist course portal, where a news feed keeps me updated with announcements, reminders and anything important I need to know. A new lesson is released every Friday, comprising a series of video lectures and quizzes, along with a peer review assignment. All the work is done within the portal and can be saved and returned to at any time. Once the weekly assignment is complete I then read and grade five other students' work. An average mark is applied to each assignment with results available to view a few days later. I can engage with other students and the tutor at any time through the easy-to-use and well-categorised message boards. I have already shared some ideas and comments on aspects of the course with fellow students in America, Ireland and Australia, and have also been able to get opinions from around the world on the current state of my songwriting. Support is always available and I am enjoying being able to study in a way that totally suits my schedule and works around my day job. It goes without saying that this MOOC is a totally different animal to the university degree I studied for when I was 18 and it is not really appropriate to compare them from a social or personal development point of view. But as a freely available source of genuine knowledge and peer review it is really rather good.     Five interesting experiments in online learning A look at any newspaper would suggest online learning has stagnated into a big xMOOC monoculture. But Jisc has always been interested in the emerging stuff, the practice that is currently off the radar – and for me this is primarily in the open class area. Here are a few examples of things I am watching with interest.   Phubu (Phonar for us by us) – Coventry University – Phonar made such an impression with students at Coventry University that when administrative changes meant that the staff involved could not lead the course in 2013, the students took matters into their own hands! A student led open-class, across multiple channels. Will end with an exhibition in May 2013. Talons (Bryan Jackson) – Bryan is a compulsory-level teacher at Gleneagle Secondary School, British Columbia, Canada. He has responsibility for the gifted and talented programme and has made open classes a feature of their learning. We’ve been invited to share with and support his students as they learn guitar. H817Open (Open University, Martin Weller) – Martin has been one of the leading lights in UK open education for years now, but this is a new venture for him – he’s opening up participation in his masters level online education course. At the time of writing this has yet to start, but I’ve signed up and am interested to see what he does with it. School of Open, P2PU – P2PU has been around for a few years now, but the school of open is a newish venture aiming to support educators in learning more about openness. Their emphasis is on collaboration and working together... real practice what you preach stuff. DS106 – University Mary Washington and elsewhere – I feel like I have been talking about this for years, but DS106 (emphatically ‘not a silly mooc’) sets the standard for open classes, sharing and creativity. An unstoppable multimedia juggernaut that includes a radio station, daily creative challenge and vibrant community amongst its many assets. FutureLearn – a hope for the future. At the time of writing details have been light, but if the Open University can successfully bring its existing knowledge and insight around online delivery to the world of the xMOOC then there is potentially a lot to be excited about.     Follow… Contact David Kernohan. Follow David on twitter @dkernohan. Follow Tom on twitter @bristoltom.   You might like… If you liked this article you might also find these of interest: Fancy joining Tom on his course? Enrol here.   See what else Berklee College of Music has to offer.   Read our press release on the launch of Futurelearn.   Have a read of Jeff Haywoods blog – No such thing as a free MOOC.     Your thoughts… What are your thoughts on the topics covered by this article, we’d love to know…   ^ Back to Top
http://blogs.edweek.org/edweek/edtechresearcher/2013/03/mit_students_on_the_risks_and_rewards_of_moocs.html
News Opinion Jobs MenuMenu » Blogs Publications » Education Week » Teacher » Digital Directions » Industry & Innovation Topics » Assessment, Accountability, Achievement » Business, Technology, and Innovation » Curriculum and Instruction » Districts and Leadership » Educating Specific Populations » Politics and Policy » School Climate, Health, and Student Life » Teaching Profession Help / FAQ Free E-Newsletters / Register Subscribe MIT Students on the Risks and Rewards of MOOCs Justin Reich Sat Mar 09 14:00:53 CET 2013 Share Once again, I turn to my incredibly thoughtful undergraduates in the MIT Scheller Teacher Education Program for insights and perspectives on emerging technologies. This past week, my students chose to debate the value of MOOCs in education. These conversations have a special resonance at MIT, where many students are participating in classes with a edX equivalent and several have worked for edX or on particular courses. Let me share a prompt that this week's current events facilitators created, and then I'll share excerpts from their responses. (Using their words to fill my weekly quota allows me to go back to grading their papers...) Prompt First, read these two short articles: 1. The Chronicle - To MOOC or not to MOOC 2. The Chronicle - More-Than-MOOCs In light of the two articles, discuss your thoughts about your online experience. In particular, keep these questions in mind: 1. How does your experience in an "traditional" class compare to an online class? 2. Do MOOCs get students to learn what is important about a subject? 3. What can MOOCs accomplish that traditional courses cannot? (And vice versa?) 4. What does/should the future of MOOCs look like? Personalized Pacing I think another key point in considering MOOC's is that they allow the student to have more freedom in their pace of learning. This can be seen on both a small scale and a large scale. If you look at just one unit of a class, one online student may just skim through the material in order to take the test whereas another student is allowed to watch each lecture three times, pausing and playing as they wish. Because of this, students have more flexibility in how they learn and can take different approaches. Also, in the long run MOOC's give the student the opportunity to get as far ahead as he or she wishes. With so many of these classes online, if a student is interested in learning linear algebra he or she can learn it now, on their own time, vs. having to wait for whenever the physical class should be. New Admission Standards I am scared and excited for the future of education with MOOCs becoming popular. I forecast their accessibility to pre-college students to radically change the playing field when it comes time for them to start applying. Suddenly, all these students who previously were getting held back by the lack of challenge from their schools will now have access to learn whatever they want. I expect that within the next decade, it will be a prerequisite to take x amount of classes via an online medium. In terms of society moving forward, it sounds like a wonderful thing that I am all in favor of. The problem comes when I try to place myself in that future. If MIT required me to take, two classes let's say, through Edx, I would have a hard time fitting that into my high school schedule. The worst scenario comes in the interim period before it is a request and only the students that are crazy motivated take these classes. In that time period, when all of my peers applying to MIT would be in MOOCs, I know that I would not have gotten into MIT. Taking it out to humanity as a whole, having pre-college kids take MOOCs would be a great leap forward. By offering higher learning to kids that aren't being challenged in high school, universities can track brilliant students more easily. And, theoretically, freshman would come into college with a better foundation. Adaptive Content What if, for example, we designed MOOCs that, when illustrating a principle during lecture, could use examples which were designed for the student's context? After all, most online communities already require members to fill in their age, location etc. Or, if we had webcams that would interpret student's emotions (bored, confused, impatient, distracted etc) and speed up /slow down a lecture/provide more illustrations/segway to an activity as needed. This technology (invented in MIT's Media Lab, no less), in fact, is already used by marketing companies to score consumer's reactions to their products online by reading their facial expressions via webcam, instead of written/multiple-choice feedback: http://allthingsd.com/20120807/mit-emotion-sensing-start-up-affectiva-backed-by-kleiner-perkins-and-horizon-ventures/ On this note, I think future successful MOOCs will not be digitalized videos of highly charismatic educators, but be designed by collaboratives of educators who can distill the factors that make such educators so effective, and leverage technology to apply that on a massive scale at an individual level. Hands and Minds I would like to hear what people have to say about how MOOCs fit into MIT's culture of "Mens et Manus." Although most general ed requirements are large lectures that don't have a significant hands-on component, 8.02 ( Physics and Magnetism) is an exception. When I took 8.02, I participated in several labs that demonstrated the physics I was learning right before my eyes. I don't see how MOOCs can ever replicate this experience in the online classroom setting. While there are plenty of applets (8.02 even uses some of them), these are never as engaging for me as actually physically doing something with my hands. But who knows, maybe I'm just biased because of my background in mechanical engineering. Hopes and Fears That being said, I also feel that MOOCs can and will play a valuable role in the future of education. The simple fact that MOOCs dramatically increase accessibility to education gives them value in itself. I'm excited to see the future of MOOCs and how they impact a typical college experience but I also hope that the interactive aspects of the traditional classroom are not lost in the process of modernization. For regular updates, follow me on Twitter at @bjfr and for my papers, presentations and so forth, visit EdTechResearcher. Share Back » News » Opinion » Jobs » Blogs Publications » Education Week » Teacher » Digital Directions » Industry & Innovation Topics » Assessment, Accountability, Achievement » Business, Technology, and Innovation » Curriculum and Instruction » Districts and Leadership » Educating Specific Populations » Politics and Policy » School Climate, Health, and Student Life » Teaching Profession Free E-Newsletters / Register Subscribe   Help / FAQ Contact Us View Full Site Follow Us: User Agreement Privacy Policy   © Editorial Projects in Education, Inc. Black line [MESSAGE]
