http://www.nytimes.com/2013/03/12/nyregion/judge-invalidates-bloombergs-soda-ban.html?pagewanted=all
Help Home Page Today's Paper Video Most Popular Please Log In PLEASE LOG IN Log in to manage your products and services from The New York Times and the International New York Times. Don't have an account yet? Create an account » Subscribed through iTunes and need an NYTimes.com account? Learn more » Email or Member ID Password Forgot Password? Remember Me Log In Contact Us NYTimes.com » Home Delivery » © 2014 The New York Times Company Site Map Privacy Your Ad Choices Advertise Terms of Sale Terms of Service Work With Us RSS Help Contact Us Site Feedback
http://abcnews.go.com/blogs/health/2013/03/11/judge-puts-cap-on-super-sized-soda-ban/
ABC News Blogs > Health > Medical Unit Medical Unit Headlines Politics Entertainment Health Lifestyle Business Technology NY Mayor Fumes As Judge Blocks Ban on Mega Sodas   Email Smaller Font Text Larger Text | Print By Karen Keller Mar 11, 2013 4:15pm A judge threw out New York City’s ban on supersized sugary drinks today, prompting an angry Mayor Michael Bloomberg to say the judge was “totally in error” and that “we’re talking about lives versus profits.” Judge Milton Tingling called the soda ban “arbitrary and capricious” in a 36 page order. Passed in September and scheduled to take effect Tuesday, the law “would not only violate the separation of powers doctrine, it would eviscerate it.  Such an evisceration has the potential to be more troubling than sugar sweetened beverages,” he said. Bloomberg said the city would appeal the ruling. “We’re confident today’s decision will ultimately be reversed,” the mayor said. Mary Elizabeth Quinn, left, said she doesn't agree with New York City's regulation of sugary drinks.  Megan Guinan, right, supports the city's ban. (image credit Karen Keller) In a news conference following the court ruling, Bloomberg said, “We’re talking about lives versus profits.” “If we are serious about fighting obesity, we have to be honest about what causes it.” “While other people wring their hands … in New York City we’re doing something about it… It would be irresponsible not to try to do everything we can to save lives,” he said. New York City Health Commissioner Dr. Thomas Farley said in a statement, “Without a portion cap on sugary drinks, it would be harder to tackle an obesity epidemic that kills more New Yorkers than anything other than smoking and causes misery for many thousands more who suffer from heart disease, diabetes and other debilitating illnesses. Sugary drinks are a leading cause of this epidemic. Today’s decision threatens the health of New Yorkers, but we are confident that we will win on appeal.” The American Beverage Association, which is a member of the coalition that challenged the law, said  the judge’s ruling “provides a sigh of relief to New Yorkers and thousands of small businesses in New York City that would have been harmed by this arbitrary and unpopular ban.” The ban would outlaw soda, fruit smoothie, energy drinks and other sweet beverages served in containers 16 ounces or larger. Many businesses have been scrambling to stock smaller cups and explain changes to clientele. Others haven’t implemented any menu or inventory changes, citing the city’s three-month grace period and the pending lawsuit. The ban would not apply to alcoholic beverages, among other exemptions, but it does include energy drinks and fruit smoothies in addition to soda. The judge made the call during his review of a pending lawsuit against the ban filed by a group called Statewide Coalition, which represents the beverage industry, restaurants and other businesses. In its complaint the group argues that the ban includes too many loopholes — refills are still allowed, for example — and questions the science behind it. “The petitioners do not dispute the seriousness of obesity and the myriad of effects on society. On the other hand, the petitioners argue the link between sugary drinks and obesity are not as clear as the respondents assert,” the group states, according to the lawsuit. New Yorkers’ obesity rate has ballooned to 24 percent over the past decade, up from 18 percent. City officials cite large soda servings as a major culprit. A 32-ounce soda contains more calories than a cheeseburger, yet it doesn’t make people feel full. New Yorkers are divided on the new ban. A Quinnipiac University poll last week found 51 percent opposed and 46 percent in favor. Nutritionists applaud the law, but not all regular folks have something sweet to say about it. “It’s creating a stop sign for folks,” said Dr. Sharon Akabas, a director at Columbia University’s Institute of Human Nutrition. “It’s helping people help themselves.” Curbing New Yorkers’ access to jumbo sodas and other sugar-laced drinks is a small but helpful step in combating obesity, said Akabas, who called soda “liquid candy.” A 16-ounce serving contains about 200 calories, or about a tenth of an adult’s daily recommended caloric intake, she said. The ban would have the biggest impact on children and teenagers, said Dr. Holly Lofton, director of a medical weight management program at New York University’s Langone Medical Center. Kids often use lunch money to buy massive cups and bottles of soda, not realizing or perhaps caring about the fact that large servings aren’t suited to children’s bodies, she said. “Kids are gaining more weight from sugary beverages than food,” she said. “It’s scary, very scary.” For others, the proposed restriction amounts to a nanny state. “I think it’s stupid,” said Mary Elizabeth Quinn, 58, of Rumson, N.J., at a Starbucks near the Lincoln Center on New York City’s Upper West Side today. She said she often orders towering iced mochas. “People should be able to drink whatever the hell they want.”   SHOWS: Good Morning America   Email Smaller Font Text Larger Text | Print You are using an outdated version of Internet Explorer. Please click here to upgrade your browser in order to comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus About Medical Unit Health reporting and analysis from the ABC News Medical Unit. Categories A Day in the Life Medical Unit NY Med Richard Besser Tell Me the Truth, Doctor Top Posts How ‘NY Med’ Neurosurgeon Prepares Patients for ‘New Me’ Cancer Lessons I Learned From a Fictional Teenage Boy ‘It’s Not Brain Surgery’ Was a Siren Call, ‘NY Med’ Neurosurgeon Says Sexual Addiction May Be Real After All Having Heart Surgery Is Like Flying, NY Med Doc Says You might also like Top Stories on ABC News 9 Weight Loss Questions Answered How 'NY Med' Neurosurgeon Prepares Patients for 'New Me' Cancer Lessons I Learned From a Fictional Teenage Boy 5 Things That Make You a Mosquito Magnet Sierra Leone Doctor Fighting Ebola Catches Disease Subscribe RSS Twitter Facebook
http://www.businessinsider.com/judge-invalidates-new-york-citys-soda-ban-2013-3
Featured Trending Recent Login Remember me I forgot username or password Login with Twitter Login with Facebook Login with LinkedIn Login with Google Register Events BI Intelligence Tech Finance Politics Strategy Life Entertainment All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. Retail More: Soda JUDGE BLOCKS BLOOMBERG'S SODA BAN — Calls It 'Arbitrary And Capricious' Kim Bhasin Mar. 11, 2013, 3:16 PM 10,046 32 facebook linkedin twitter google+ print email print email share share tweet share print email Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Linkedin share print email AP See Also Social Media Engagement: The Surprising Facts About How Much Time People Spend On The Major Social Networks Mom Says Her Son Left A Wal-Mart Ice Cream Sandwich Outside For 12 Hours — And It Didn't Melt 7 Habits Of People With Remarkable Mental Toughness A judge has invalidated New York City's ban on large sodas, which was supposed to go into effect tomorrow, saying that the limits on sugary drinks are invalid,  according to CNBC . The New York City Mayor's Office said it would appeal the decision "as soon as possible" in a tweet shortly after the ruling came down. Bloomberg's new sugary drink regulations are "fraught with arbitrary and capricious consequences," New York Supreme Court Judge Milton Tingling wrote. "It is arbitrary and capricious because it applies to some but not all food establishments in the City," the judge wrote. "It excludes other beverages that have significantly higher concentrations of sugar sweeteners and/or calories on suspect grounds." "The simple reading of the rule leads to the earlier acknowledged uneven enforcement even within a particular city block, much less the city as a whole," he continued. "The loopholes in this rule effectively defeat the stated purpose of the rule." The ruling "provides a sigh of relief to New Yorkers and thousands of small businesses in New York City that would have been harmed by this arbitrary and unpopular ban," a spokesperson for the American Beverage Association told the WSJ. Earlier today, Bloomberg predicted that his new regulations would be accepted by most, according to the New York Post. "I think you're not going to see a lot of push back here," he said. We reached out to the Mayor's Office, which declined to comment. But it did tweet out a note: We plan to appeal the sugary drinks decision as soon as possible, and we are confident the measure will ultimately be upheld. — NYC Mayor's Office (@NYCMayorsOffice) March 11, 2013 More to come... facebook linkedin twitter google+ email email share share tweet share email Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Linkedin Share on Google Plus email Recommended For You Comments Comments on this post are now closed. Insiders 3 All Comments 32 Apply To Be An "Insider" » Loading JUDGE BLOCKS BLOOMBERG'S SODA BAN — Calls It 'Arbitrary And Capricious' JUDGE BLOCKS BLOOMBERG'S SODA BAN — Calls It 'Arbitrary And Capricious' At the last minute. Get Retail Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Retail Select More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Breaking News Business Insider Events Entertainment Entertainment Select Sports Select Finance Finance Select Markets Select Monday Scouting Report Your Money Select Financial Advisor Insights Smart Investor Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select Marketing Mondays Advertising: The Brief Politics Politics Select Military Select Law & Order Select Life Life Select Transportation Select Education Select Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Social Media Chart Of The Day Mobile Chart Of The Day Video Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Advertisement Your Money NASDAQ Composite 4,475 +1.46 (+0.033%) S&P 500 1,989 +2.15 (+0.108%) NYSE Composite 11,049 +24.63 (+0.223%) Sponsored By LinkedIn E-COMMERCE AND THE FUTURE OF RETAIL: 2014 [SLIDE DECK] The 'Internet Of Things' Will Be Bigger Than The Smartphone, Tablet, And PC Markets Combined LinkedIn May Not Be The Coolest Social Network, But It's Only Becoming More Valuable To Businesses Login with LinkedIn to see what your friends are reading on Business Insider. Login with LinkedIn No articles have recently been shared in your network. More » Sponsored Content The Soylent Subculture: 10 People Tell Us What It's Like Living on Powdered Food More "Game Changers" » How Does GPS Work? More "Innovation Explained" » The 21 Coolest Small Businesses In Toronto More "Moving Forward" » A San Francisco Startup Has Plans To Blow Up The Egg Industry More "Game Changers" » Welcome, ! You are logged into Facebook Social: Your Activity| These articles have been shared on your timeline. You can remove them here: Options Notify me when a story is shared. Yes No Welcome, ! You are logged in with Google Social: Your Activity| These articles have been added to your Google activity log. You can remove them here: Options Notify me when a story is shared. Yes No Watch & Learn How Richard Branson Gets Fresh Water On His Private Island The Science Is In — Why Gluten Sensitivity Is Probably Fake Why Mosquitoes Bite Some People But Not Others Trending The New Digital Frontier: Video The Digital Video Advertising Report: Growth Forecasts And Viewability Scandals The Online Video Ecosystem Explained — Who Holds The Real Power In Video Streaming? Video Game Consoles Are Still The Most Popular Streaming Devices For TVs    Read Business Insider On The Go FREE App Download Available for iPhone, iPad, Android, BlackBerry and Windows Advertisement Find A Job Tech Jobs Media Jobs Finance Jobs C-Level Jobs Design Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs Thanks to our partners * Copyright © 2014 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Powered by MongoDB Hosted by Datapipe Stock quotes by YCharts Made in NYC International Editions: AUS ID IN MY SG
http://www.theonion.com/articles/judge-blocks-new-york-citys-soda-ban,31635/
Continued gray skies until you try the new antidepressant from the makers of Effexor. Follow @TheOnion Video Politics Sports Business Science/Tech Local Entertainment More Back Video Politics Sports Business Science/Tech Entertainment Breaking Judge Blocks New York City’s Soda Ban American Voices • Opinion • ISSUE 49•11 • Mar 12, 2013       Just one day before the rule was set to go into effect in New York City, a state justice blocked Mayor Michael Bloomberg’s controversial regulation banning the sale of sodas and other sugary beverages over 16 ounces. What do you think? “Honey, pack your bags. The New York trip is back on!” Roy Ivernel – Bicycle Assembler “So I drank all those two-liters last night for nothing?” Beatrice Ross – Unemployed “Well, there goes my Pepsi speakeasy.” Anthony Gilhooly – Feather Separator PreviousPapal Conclave Begins At Vatican NextCDC: Drug-Resistant Bacteria Pose ‘Nightmare’ Threat More American Voices Couples Battling For Trendy 12/13/14 Wedding Date In the latest instance of couples clamoring for a trendy wedding date, a new poll by David’s Bridal has revealed that more than 20 ... Mysterious White Surrender Flags Appear Above Brooklyn Bridge NYC police are investigating the mysterious appearance of two white surrender flags above the Brooklyn Bridge that were apparently planted by vandals who scaled to ... NYC Approves Apartment Building With Separate ‘Rich Doors,’ ‘Poor Doors’ The New York Department of Housing Preservation and Development has approved plans for an apartment complex that has separate “rich doors” for luxury apartment owners ... Recent News Israel’s, Hamas’ Disregard For Palestinian Life Aligning Nicely Israel: Palestinians Given Ample Time To Evacuate To Nearby Bombing Sites Frustrated Employee No Longer Even Trying To Hide GRE Study Books AP Reporter In Gaza Needs Another Term For ‘Blood-Soaked’ Study Finds Only 5% Of Americans Have Correct Amount Of Pride In Country Recent Videos Comic-Con Exclusive: Michael Bay Gives Fans Sneak Peek At Ninja Turtles’ Hyper-Realistic CGI Genitals Mom $15,000 In The Hole With Ceramic Frog Dealer Breaking: Tour De France On Hold As Cyclists Ride Over To Creek To Check Out Bugs Newswire: Marvel to give Princess Leia her own comic book Interview: Rick Moody writes about and interviews Peter Bauer of The Walkmen Coming Distractions: Put the Fifty Shades Of Grey trailer inside you and say you like it Flask: Chocoholic for Booze WTF Stamp Crazy Cat Lady Action Figure World Urges Israelis, Palestinians To Focus Mutual Hatred On Region's Baha'i Peoples Breaking: Tour De France On Hold As Cyclists Ride Over To Creek To Check Out Bugs Deadly Super Rainbow Tears Through West Coast Follow The Onion Receive The Newsletter Daily Weekly Personals FAQ Contact Us Jobs Media Kit Privacy Policy RSS & Apps The Onion is not intended for readers under 18 years of age. ©Copyright 2014 Onion Inc. All rights reserved
http://healthland.time.com/2013/03/12/judge-blocks-ban-of-big-sodas-in-new-york-city/
﻿ Time.com Subscribe Sign In Sign Out Home U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health Science Entertainment Newsfeed Living Opinion Sports Magazine Money LIFE Photography Videos Travel Guides TIME 100 New Energy Reality TIME Explains The 140 Best Twitter Feeds The Ideas Issue Top of the World Inspired Design Subscribe Newsletters Feedback Privacy Policy California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Ad Choices RSS TIME Apps TIME for Kids Media Kit Advertising Reprints and Permissions Site Map Help Customer Service © 2014 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Subscribe Sign InSubscribe Food & Drink Judge Blocks Ban of Big Sodas in New York City By Alexandra Sifferlin @acsifferlin March 12, 2013 Share Read Later Send to Kindle Jonathan Kantor / Getty Images Related Americans Are Eating Fewer Calories, So Why Are We Still Obese? Childhood Obesity Rates Drop Slightly In Some Cities: What Are They Doing Right? Are Energy Drinks Fatally Caffeinated? A Rare Loss on Health Wall Street Journal Judge blocks NYC large soda ban; Bloomberg vows appeal USA Today Judge blocks New York City large-soda ban, Mayor Bloomberg vows fight Reuters Email Print Share Facebook Twitter Tumblr LinkedIn StumbleUpon Reddit Digg Mixx Delicious Google+ Comment Follow @TIMEHealth For now, larger-sized soft drinks are safe. But for how long? Calling the ban on sugared sodas larger than 16 oz. “arbitrary and capricious,” New York Supreme Court Judge Milton Tingling invalidated the ban, preventing the city from implementing the new rule hours before it was intended to go into place. Restaurants in the city had already spent thousands of dollars to accommodate the ruling, replacing cups larger than 16 oz. with smaller ones and changing their menus to avoid running afoul of the ban on large sugared-drinks. The judge noted inequalities in the rule, such as the fact that only some establishments that are routinely monitored by the city, like street vendors, movie theaters, stadiums and restaurants would have to enforce the rule, but convenience stores such as 7-Eleven, which are regulated by the state, and not the city, would not. There was also confusion over non-soda calorie drinks like frappuccinos, since anything with at least 50% milk or milk substitute were not included with the ban. Judge Tingling wrote: The loopholes in this Rule effectively defeat the stated purpose of the Rule. It is arbitrary and capricious because it applies to some but not all food establishments in the City, it excludes other beverages that have significantly higher concentrations of sugar sweeteners and/or calories on suspect grounds, and the loopholes inherent in the Rule, including but not limited to no limitations on re-fills, defeat and/or serve to gut the purpose of the Rule. (MORE: Goodbye, Big Soda: New York Becomes First City to Ban Large-Sized Soft Drinks) Immediately after Tingling’s ruling, the NYC Mayor’s Office announced that it would appeal the ban. “We plan to appeal the decision as soon as possible, and we are confident the Board of Health’s decision will ultimately be upheld. This measure is part of the City’s multi-pronged effort to combat the growing obesity epidemic, which takes the lives of more than 5,000 New Yorkers every year, and we believe the Board of Health has the legal authority – and responsibility – to tackle its leading causes,” said Michael A. Cardozo of NYC Law Department Corporation Counsel in a released statement. We plan to appeal the sugary drinks decision as soon as possible, and we are confident the measure will ultimately be upheld.— NYC Mayor's Office (@NYCMayorsOffice) March 11, 2013 We believe @nycHealthy has the legal authority and responsibility to tackle causes of the obesity epidemic, which kills 5,000 NYers a year.— NYC Mayor's Office (@NYCMayorsOffice) March 11, 2013 In a press conference, Mayor Bloomberg spoke about the state Supreme Court’s decision, and noted previous, equally contentious successes by the city to improve New Yorkers health. He also reminded New Yorkers of the reason for the pioneering ban — to help residents address the epidemic of obesity. He said: “We believe it’s reasonable to draw a line – and it’s responsible to draw a line right now. With so many people contracting diabetes and heart disease, with so many children who are overweight and obese, with so many poor neighborhoods suffering the worst of this epidemic, we believe it is reasonable and responsible to draw a line – and that is what the Board of Health has done. As a matter of fact, it would be irresponsible not to try to do everything we can to save lives…Being the first to do something is never easy. When we began this process, we knew we would face lawsuits. Anytime you adopt a groundbreaking policy, special interests will sue. That’s America.” Despite such good intentions, the ban polarized even nutritionists, not to mention those in the beverage industry and citizens who thought Bloomberg was overstepping, turning the city into a “nanny state.” Marion Nestle, a nutrition professor at New York University and author of Why Calories Count, supported the ban, calling it a “nudge” in the right direction for turning around the health of Americans. She wrote in her blog, Food Politics: If we want Americans to be healthy, we are going to have to take actions like this – and many more – and do so soon. It’s long past time to tax sugar soda, crack down further on what gets sold in our schools, tackle abusive marketing practices, demand a redesign of labels – and extend the soda cap, no matter how controversial it may seem. This must be the beginning, not the end, of efforts toward a healthier America. (MORE: The New York City Soda Ban, and a Brief History of Bloomberg’s Nudges) But other health experts were not so keen on the new rule. “Honestly, I was not disappointed when I heard the judge invalidated the ban. I have always believed that we shouldn’t demonize one food or beverage. Overall there are many facets that lead to obesity,”says Keri Gans, a registered dietitian in New York City and author of The Small Change Diet. “As far as ways to get New Yorkers to be healthier; I would encourage people to walk to work, bring their lunch from home, and drink more water. Promote more positive messaging versus negative ones.” Other nutrition experts applauded the intention behind the ban, but noted that it wasn’t developed fully enough, since the same establishments that could no longer sell sugared beverages larger than 16 oz. could still sell diet drinks, making enforcement a challenge. “We really don’t know at this time how effective such a ban would even be as there is simply not enough evidence regarding whether bans and taxes work. We do know that cutting out sugary beverages is one of the single easiest ways to cut calories. Unlike food, drinks do little to keep us full so it’s easy to guzzle hundreds of empty calories each day without even realizing it. However, the judge did not invalidate the most important thing, namely educating people about the importance of reducing their consumption of sugary drinks,” says Karen Ansel, MS, RD a spokesperson for the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics.”For those in doubt, water, 1% or fat free milk or unsweetened coffee or tea are all choices people can feel good about.” Beverage makers also lauded the judge’s ruling. “The court ruling provides a sigh of relief to New Yorkers and thousands of small businesses in New York City that would have been harmed by this arbitrary and unpopular ban.  With this ruling behind us, we look forward to collaborating with city leaders on solutions that will have a meaningful and lasting impact on the people of New York City,” said Chris Gindlesperger, a spokesman for the American Beverage Association in a statement. So while there’s no rush to hoard larger drinks for now, the battle over the sugared beverage isn’t over yet. Given Bloomberg’s track record in instituting stricter health requirements — New York City became the first to require restaurants to remove trans fats and to ban smoking from outdoor public places as precedent — sugared drinks probably aren’t safe yet. Alexandra Sifferlin @acsifferlin Alexandra Sifferlin is a writer and producer for TIME Healthland. She is a graduate from the Northwestern University Medill School of Journalism. 14 comments   Get Livefyre FAQ Sign in + Follow Post comment   Link Newest | Oldest Sticky_Wicky 5pts The NAACP sided with soda industry on the large soda ban issue. They have gone from civil rights to soft drinks. Share your thoughts on this and other news and opinion at the Voices in the Dark comic strip http://theunisourcegroup.com/voices-in-the-dark alen_agaronov 5pts The issue lies in the fact that the NYC government didn't bother exploring what community members themselves perceive as barriers to good nutrition and what they may consider as viable solutions. A bottom-up approach would assist in creating health policies that are much more readily acceptable.  http://wp.me/p128HP-ex OddLovesCompany 5pts New York must be short on real problems....Chicago could send them a few.  thewholetruth 5pts Sugar is the only sweetener you need: The Sugar is bad nonsense has been funded by the Billion dollar Diet drink makers. Sugar is not the cause of the diabetes crisis or obesity. Billions of dollars are invested in the "fake foods" (Like Diet soda, which is a poison) which are the real cause of Diabetes and weight gain.  The Fake food makers are promoted by the FDA and they all get rich. Aspartame, Sucralose, High fructose corn syrups are the true causes obesity and diabetes. The blaming of natural cane sugar is a set up to protect big business. The blaming of sugar is to protect the billion dollar diet soda makers  Reverse Insulin resistance and the weight comes off and the diabetes goes away  See here  http://type2diabetesdietplan.blogspot.com/2013/02/can-diabetic-eat-sugar-why-it-is-only.html wrathbrow 5pts @thewholetruth A link to an Internet blog with no peer reviewed quoted research. Look at the American Diabetes Association web site for real information. While it is true that sugar itself does not cause diabetes, weight gain does and sugar is a major component of that in many diets. As for the research on artificial sweeteners and the one study that says people who drank diet soda tended to gain more weight, notice that the 'study' did not report on what else they are consuming and how much. Many people will drink a diet soda then eat other junk and think they did good. In reality balance is key. Don't drink or eat a lot of any soda or most other things. Do eat a log of different veggies, some fruits, limited grains and small (really small) portions of lean protean. Please stop spreading bad and possible dangerous information. thewholetruth 5pts @wrathbrow  Diet soda is a full poison, sugar is the only sweetener a diabetic or anyone will ever need. Splenda, Sweet and Low and Equal are not from nature they are poisons. You spoke of dangerous information,  Here is the dangerous information that people of this generation are sleep about http://articles.mercola.com/sites/articles/archive/2011/11/06/aspartame-most-dangerous-substance-added-to-food.aspx wrathbrow 5pts @thewholetruth @wrathbrow Your providing a link to a web page from of a company. If a person is looking for conspiracy theories, and a web page that will say anything, the Internet is a great place for that. Your labeling of "poisons" shows that you are in favor of using subjective and emotional level. Here is a link from a general respected source, wiki pedia, with information on actual reserach. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aspartame_controversy Nearly every substance, including water is bad for people at the wrong quanties. I'm not saying aspartame is a heath food, but it is a food choice for some people including some diabetics. If you have a link to a peer reviewed current study or group like the American Diabetes of America please share it. Your just acting as another conspiracy theory obsessive person and worse your just searching Internet for any web information insteasd of real research. But you have convinced yourselve your right so all of these facts won't mean anything to you, much like a creationish rejects fossil evidence. seizeabe 5pts Citizens must have the right to obesity, developing Diseases (BP-cholesterol-diabetes)... It is a human right, isn't it? Mayor Bloomberg must also not fight for better pollution control... It is a human right to burn or pollute the air. He must not attempt better healthcare. Because, it goes against the human right to develop and suffer the effects of diseases caused by consuming all the unhealthy foods and drinks. God save our nation! Fitn3ssF4n 5pts Interesting if they think that this will tackle obesity! Hadrewsky 5pts Bloomberg was a tool who should be tarred and feathered for this Nanny Legislation. hiw 5pts so i guess making pot legal is in the works now, nice move bloomberg you showed those that detested pot legalization empowermom 5pts 1 Like Aside from losing yet another freedom of presonal choice, if you want to ban something, ban the source, not the end product.  But wait, we don't want to touch the global and lucrative market of sugar production do we?  This was an illogical law from the beginning. hiw 5pts @empowermom  banning soda is a better route to curb sugar production. i MichaelPapp 5pts 3 Like What's next.....a law requiring New Yorker's to walk 5 miles per day?  Then we will have a law that prohibits alcohol.  Then the law that will make drugs illegal (wait we already have that one).  Then it will be illegal to eat desserts (way too much sugar).  When does personal responsibility become more important than legislation?  I can see it now......the police have arrested John Doe for selling 20 oz. bottles of Mountain Dew in the back alley's of New York City....detail to follow!   Latest From our Partners Not Again: Jet Carrying 116 Vanishes Over Western Africa — NBC News Vine User Blasts Employees Following Him Around Stores In Best Possible Way — Huffington Post Pope Blesses Mom Sentenced to Death Over Her Faith — NBC News Israeli Strike Hits U.N. School, Killing At Least 15 — NBC News Uruguay eliminates Italy; Did Suarez bite again? — Sports Illustrated Check Out Miranda Lambert's Home Away from Home: Her Tour Bus! — People SubscribePopular Among Subscribers Japan's Booming Sex Niche: Elder Porn Young Kids, Old Bodies Benedict Cumberbatch Talks Secrets, Leaks, and Sherlock Obama's Trauma Team Get all access to digital and print Subscribe Most Popular From Health & Family How can a pea plant grow in the lungs? Guide: The 31 Healthiest Foods of All Time (with Recipes) 5 Things You Should Know About Chicken Pox and Shingles 13 Reasons Tea Is Good for You 6 Breathing Exercises to Relax in 10 Minutes or Less From Time.com Russian Forces Double Along Ukraine Border Gangs of ‘Powerfully Built’ Women Are Mugging Tourists on the Streets of Hong Kong Putin Phones Obama To Discuss Ukraine, White House Says Colbert Tweet Draws Accusations of Racism and #CancelColbert There’s A Scientific Reason for Why You Look Weird In Selfies More on TIME Inside Bangladesh’s Cheap Cigarette Factories In Defense of Flash: A Homage to Harsh Lighting The 13 Most Influential Candy Bars Ever 17 Memorable Kisses Throughout History Connect With TIME ' } else { s += ' ' } s += '' + google_ads[i].line1 + ' '; s += ''; s += google_ads[i].line2 + ' ' + google_ads[i].line3 + ' '; s += ''; s += '' + google_ads[i].visible_url + ''; s += ' Sponsored Links' + s + ' ﻿ Home U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health Science Entertainment Newsfeed Living Opinion Sports Magazine Subscribe Give a Gift Newsletters Customer Service Site Map Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Ad Choices/Logo © 2014 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Sign In Not a memeber? Sign Up Email address or Password is incorrect EMAIL PASSWORD SIGN IN Remember Me Forgot Password? Want the Full Story? SUBSCRIBE
http://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-21747568
')}; })(); /**/ For a better experience on your device, try our mobile site. Cookies on the BBC website We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. We also use cookies to ensure we show you advertising that is relevant to you. If you continue without changing your settings, we'll assume that you are happy to receive all cookies on the BBC website. However, if you would like to, you can change your cookie settings at any time. Continue Find out more Accessibility links Skip to content Skip to local navigation Accessibility Help BBC navigation News Sport Weather Capital Future Shop TV Radio More… Search term: US & Canada Home US & Canada Latin America UK Africa Asia Europe Mid-East Business Health Sci/Environment Tech Entertainment Video 11 March 2013 Last updated at 18:45 ET Share this page Delicious Digg Facebook reddit StumbleUpon Twitter Email Print New York City large-soda ban blocked by judge   Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play. Michael Bloomberg: "We're confident that today's decision will be reversed" Continue reading the main story Related Stories New Yorkers divided on large soda ban Watch Is supersize soda a civil rights issue? A court has blocked a ban on the sale of large sugary drinks - including soda - from restaurants in New York City, a day before the law was to take effect. Judge Milton Tingling ruled that the measure was "arbitrary and capricious", after industry groups sued the city. The law would forbid the sale of drinks larger than 16 ounces (473ml) in food-service establishments. Mayor Michael Bloomberg said the judge was "totally in error" and has vowed to appeal against Monday's ruling. He has touted the ban as a way to reduce obesity. Research suggests that 58% of adults in New York are obese or overweight. 'Sigh of relief' In his ruling, Judge Tingling wrote that loopholes in the law "effectively defeat the stated purpose". The American Beverage Association, which is leading the fight against the ban, welcomed the decision. Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play. New York resident: "I feel it should be up to the individual and not the mayor to dictate something like this" "The court ruling provides a sigh of relief to New Yorkers and thousands of small businesses in New York City that would have been harmed by this arbitrary and unpopular ban," it said. The law would apply to places serving food, ranging from pizzerias to sports stadiums and cinemas, though not at supermarkets or stores. The measure was approved in September by the city Board of Health to come into force on 12 March, with fines of $200 (£134) not to be levied until June. The judge ruled that the Bloomberg-appointed board had strayed into legislative territory that should belong to the elected City Council. Mayor Bloomberg responded to the ruling by telling a news conference: "We think the judge is totally in error in the way he interpreted the law and we are very confident that we will win on appeal. "One of the cases we will make is that people are dying every day. This is not a joke. Five thousand people die of obesity every day in America," he added.   More on This Story Related Stories New Yorkers divided on large soda ban Watch 01 JUNE 2012, US & CANADA Is supersize soda a civil rights issue? 25 JANUARY 2013, MAGAZINE Related Internet links The American Beverage Association The BBC is not responsible for the content of external Internet sites Comments This entry is now closed for comments Jump to comments pagination   Editors' Picks All Comments 518 rate this -2 rate this -2 Comment number 432. MadnessofAjax 12th March 2013 - 17:02 Ultimately, individuals have social and civic responsibilities. By opting to consume things that make them unhealthy, they are putting a strain on the healthcare system. Perhaps, manufacturers of sugary soft drinks, alcoholic beverages, and other things detrimental to health should be obliged to carry health warnings on their products. Report this comment (Comment number 432) Link to this (Comment number 432) rate this +2 rate this +2 Comment number 410. Jaker 12th March 2013 - 16:10 Governments in Britain,US & everywhere possible should subsidise the more healthier foods like fruit & veg, fish & lean beef, poultry, etc. & carry out an educational blitz in telling people the dangers from eating a high sugar & fat diet especially re; the transfats that manufacturers & restauranteurs use because it is dirt cheap compared to the more healthier choice. That would b many £ wiser! Report this comment (Comment number 410) Link to this (Comment number 410) rate this +2 rate this +2 Comment number 393. LucyJ 12th March 2013 - 15:26 I do believe soda is in part responsible for obesity and diabetes However, even banning large size sodas in public places would not change the fact that people could still drink as much as they wanted at home What it comes down to is lifestyle choice +that is really up to every individual I will say fruit juice+healthier alternatives are much more expensive than soda Report this comment (Comment number 393) Link to this (Comment number 393) rate this +4 rate this +4 Comment number 338. Dogsie2 12th March 2013 - 13:35 This kind of legislation is a complete waste of time. People who drink large amounts of fizzy pop are not going to be deterred by smaller drink portions, they'll just buy more. It's up to people to manage their own weight and be aware of what they consume. Trying to keep the population healthy should not be the Government's resposibility. Report this comment (Comment number 338) Link to this (Comment number 338) rate this +3 rate this +3 Comment number 287. Robbo 12th March 2013 - 12:40 Restuarants in NY (and US in general) tend to offer free refils for fizzy drinks. This is probably a bigger issue that the size of the container they come in. The issue here though is about personal responsibility. It shouldn't be the states job to stop you getting fat! Report this comment (Comment number 287) Link to this (Comment number 287)   Comments 5 of 12 Show more   Add your comment Sign in with your BBC iD, or Register to comment and rate comments All posts are reactively-moderated and must obey the house rules. Share this page Delicious Digg Facebook reddit StumbleUpon Twitter Email Print More US & Canada stories RSS Inquiry urged into two-hour execution Lawyers for a double murderer whose lethal injection in Arizona took nearly two hours to kill him have called for an independent review of the execution. GM profits hit by recall problems Fake wine merchant to be sentenced Top stories Algeria passenger jet feared crashed Shelling 'kills 15 in Gaza shelter' Sudan 'apostasy' woman meets Pope Inquiry urged into two-hour execution Fake wine merchant to be sentenced Features & Analysis Love and the bomb The Japanese man who lost everything but found peace Moon of indifference Watch Why the US public quickly lost interest in lunar exploration Plagiarism scandal US senator says trauma from Iraq partially to blame Pink parking Do women need bigger spaces than men? Most Popular Shared 1: Algerian jet missing on Sahara route 2: Isis 'ordering FGM' in Iraq - UN 3: Sudan 'apostasy' woman meets Pope 4: Indian boy has 232 teeth removed 5: Shelling 'kills 15 in Gaza shelter' Read 1: Algerian jet missing on Sahara route 2: Updates: Missing Algeria plane 3: Isis 'ordering FGM' in Iraq - UN 4: Indian boy has 232 teeth removed 5: Plagiarism charge rocks US Senate race 6: The perils of sexy Facebook pictures 7: Sudan 'apostasy' woman meets Pope 8: Shelling 'kills 15 in Gaza shelter' 9: Fake wine merchant to be sentenced 10: Inquiry urged into two-hour execution Video/Audio 2: Meet the 'Women Against Feminism' Watch 3: Shelling 'kills 15 in Gaza shelter' Watch 4: Aviation expert: Missing plane 'elderly' Watch 5: Witnesses describe two hour execution Watch 6: Who was that man on the moon? Watch 7: Ukraine village 'shelled by forces' Watch 8: Israeli PM: UN criticism 'a travesty' Watch 9: Dolphin attacks baffle experts Watch 10: The dangers of illegal buttocks enhancements Watch Elsewhere on the BBC Naughty Brits From scrappy upstarts to legendary brands, six speed demons that hail from the UK Programmes The Travel Show Watch It is not cheap or glamorous - so why are people choosing to travel by cargo ship? Services  Mobile  Connected TV  News feeds  Alerts  E-mail news About BBC News Editors' blog BBC College of Journalism News sources Media Action Editorial Guidelines BBC links Mobile site Terms of Use About the BBC Advertise With Us Privacy Accessibility Help Ad Choices Cookies Contact the BBC Parental Guidance BBC © 2014 The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read more. This page is best viewed in an up-to-date web browser with style sheets (CSS) enabled. While you will be able to view the content of this page in your current browser, you will not be able to get the full visual experience. Please consider upgrading your browser software or enabling style sheets (CSS) if you are able to do so. More… Full A-Z of BBC sites CBBC CBeebies Comedy Food History Learning Music Science Nature Local Travel News
