http://worldnews.nbcnews.com/_news/2013/02/10/16917861-five-crew-killed-in-cruise-ship-safety-drill
menu Home Latest Search  Sections News Investigations Politics Health Tech & Science Pop Culture Business Latino TV Nightly News Meet the Press Dateline Today Multimedia Photo Video More from NBC Local News Weather Sports MSNBC.com NBC.com re/code peacock productions NBCNews Home Latest Search World News Discuss as: Five crew killed in cruise ship safety drill By World News Sunday Feb 10, 2013 8:59 AM Email Tweet Nestor Perez / EPA A rescue vessel (bottom L) is seen next to the overturned lifeboat (bottom R) of the 'Thomson Majesty' cruise ship (behind) at the pier where 'Thomson Majesty' cruise ship is docked at Santa Cruz de la Palma, Canary Islands, Spain on Feb. 10.   By Sonya Dowsett and Teresa Larraz, Reuters MADRID — Five crew members died in an emergency drill on a cruise ship in the Canary Islands on Sunday, police said. Cables snapped on a lifeboat and it plunged 65 feet to the ocean and fell upside down, killing the five and injuring three others aboard, during the mock rescue exercise on the Thomson Majesty, operated by British travel group TUI Travel. It was in the port of La Palma. TUI, Europe's largest tour operator, did not respond immediately to telephone calls or email requests for comment. Three of the dead were Indonesians. The other dead were a Filipino and a Ghanaian. The Thomson Majesty, with five restaurants and two swimming pools, cruises to the Canary Islands, the Mediterranean and the Red Sea, according to Thomson's website. Advertise | AdChoices Advertise | AdChoices About us Careers Contact Help Privacy policy Terms & conditions Site map Advertise AdChoices © NBCNews.com
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/03/02/opinion/cruise-ship-safety.html
Help Home Page Today's Paper Video Most Popular Please Log In PLEASE LOG IN Log in to manage your products and services from The New York Times and the International New York Times. Don't have an account yet? Create an account » Subscribed through iTunes and need an NYTimes.com account? Learn more » Email or Member ID Password Forgot Password? Remember Me Log In Contact Us NYTimes.com » Home Delivery » © 2014 The New York Times Company Site Map Privacy Your Ad Choices Advertise Terms of Sale Terms of Service Work With Us RSS Help Contact Us Site Feedback
http://www.businessinsider.com/no-central-oversight-for-cruise-ships-2013-2
Featured Trending Recent Login Remember me I forgot username or password Login with Twitter Login with Facebook Login with LinkedIn Login with Google Register Events BI Intelligence Tech Finance Politics Strategy Life Entertainment All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. Transportation More: Associated Press Cruise Cruise Ship Accident Travel Good Luck Finding Out If The Cruise Ship You're Traveling On Is Safe Curt Anderson, Associated Press Feb. 19, 2013, 10:38 AM 1,334 1 facebook linkedin twitter google+ print email print email share share tweet share print email Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Linkedin share print email U.S. Coast Guard See Also Here's Why And When Air Space Is Restricted One Woman Lost Relatives In Both Malaysia Plane Disasters Malaysia Airline Retires MH17 Flight Number MIAMI (AP) — A byzantine maze of maritime rules and regulations, fragmented oversight and a patchwork quilt of nations that do business with cruise lines make it tough for consumers to assess the health and safety record of the ship they are about to board in what for many is the vacation of a lifetime. Want to know about a ship's track record for being clean? Want to assess how sanitary the food is? It's not that easy to find, in part because there's no one entity or country that oversees or regulates the industry with its fleet of ships that are like mini cities floating at sea. In the case of Carnival Cruise Lines, the owner of the Carnival Triumph that spent days in the Gulf of Mexico disabled after an engine fire, the company is incorporated in Panama, its offices are based in Miami and its ships fly under the Bahamian flag — a matrix that is not unusual in the cruise line industry. For potential passengers seeking ship information, there's no central database that can be viewed to determine a track record of safety or health inspections. No one agency regulates everything from the cruise line's mechanical worthiness to the sanitation of its kitchens. The U.S. Coast Guard inspects each cruise ship that docks in the U.S. every year for a range of issues, from operation of backup generators to the lifeboats. The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention maintains a database of recent disease outbreaks and other health inspection information for cruise ships. Had Triumph vacationers looked up information about the cruise ship through those two agencies before boarding, they would have found mostly clean marks and few red flags. And when something goes wrong, as it did on Triumph, there are limits to how much the Coast Guard can investigate. These are not new issues — they had been raised by members of Congress before the Triumph incident. "This horrible situation involving the Carnival Triumph is just the latest example in a long string of serious and troubling incidents involving cruise ships," said Sen. Jay Rockefeller, who led a committee hearing on cruise safety last year. Last year, after the Costa Concordia, also owned by Miami-based Carnival Corp., ran aground off the coast of Giglio, Italy, Rockefeller held a Commerce Committee hearing to examine deficiencies in the cruise line industry's compliance with federal safety, security, and environmental standards and review industry regulations. "As I remarked then, they seem to have two lives: One is at port, where the Coast Guard can monitor their operations; the other is at sea where, it appears once they are beyond three nautical miles from shore, the world is theirs," Rockefeller said in letter he wrote this week to Admiral Robert J. Papp Jr., the commandant of the Coast Guard. "The Carnival Triumph incident only serves to further validate this view." The Triumph left Galveston, Texas, on Feb. 7 for a four-day cruise to Cozumel, Mexico. An engine-room fire paralyzed the ship early Sunday, leaving it adrift in the Gulf of Mexico. Passengers described nightmarish conditions on board: overflowing toilets, long lines for a short supply of food, foul odors, and tent cities where vacationers slept on deck. Tugboats slowly towed the 14-story vessel to Mobile, Alabama. It arrived there late Thursday. Before a ship like the Triumph sets sail, it's possible — but not easy — to find information about past incidents and safety or health issues. The CDC's Vessel Sanitation Program is viewable online. The database shows recent disease outbreaks aboard cruise ships and how they were addressed. Records for the Triumph show it was last inspected July 7, 2012. It scored 96 out of 100. The CDC considers scores of 85 or lower unsatisfactory. The lowest score the ship received was an 88, in 2009. The Coast Guard also has a database, known as the U.S. Coast Guard Maritime Information Exchange, with inspections and any deficiencies found aboard ships, dating to when the vessels entered service. A search on the exchange's website for the Triumph turns up its certifications for things like passenger safety and pollution prevention as well as inspections. No violations or red flags are immediately evident. Searching a little deeper, the most recent report shows a propulsion issue from a Jan. 28 incident involving a short in a connection box of one of the ship's generators. Bud Darr, the Cruise Lines International Association's senior vice president for technical and regulatory affairs, said the industry is "very heavily regulated," from the way ships are designed to how crews train for emergencies. He said standards are set by the United Nations' International Maritime Organization. But Jim Walker, a Miami maritime attorney and author of the www.cruiselaw.com blog, said, "the IMO guidelines are not law and there is no consequence if the cruise lines ignore the guidelines and recommendations. Customers have no way of knowing whether they are well maintained safely. There is no federal oversight with real teeth." Fires — though not all as major as the Triumph's — happen virtually every year on cruise ships. There were 79 onboard blazes from 1990 to 2011, according to a list compiled by Ross Klein, a professor who specializes in cruise industry issues at Memorial University in Newfoundland, Canada. In 2010, the IMO adopted rules that require any large cruise ship built after July 1 of that year to have a separate, redundant system able to maintain the ship's propulsion, steering and so forth in case one engine is disabled by fire. The rules also mandate that ships be capable of maintaining basic services such as sanitation, water, food and lights in such circumstances. The Triumph was built in 1999 and isn't covered by the rules, as is the case for most ships among major cruise lines. Experts say the Triumph might have been able to limp into port more quickly if it had the newer systems, but retrofitting is costly and time-consuming. "Provided the emergency generators worked and had enough power, they would have been able to return to port under their own power, but much slower," said Andrew O. Coggins, Jr., a Pace University management professor who focuses on hospitality and tourism industries. "Once Carnival has evaluated the full cost of this incident," he added, "it might be cost effective to retrofit their older ships." ___ Associated Press writers Connie Cass in Washington and Bruce Smith in Charleston, South Carolina, contributed to this report. ___ On the Internet: Coast Guard cruise ship inspections database: http://cgmix.uscg.mil/PSIX/PSIXSearch.aspx CDC Vessel Sanitation Program: http://www.cdc.gov/nceh/vsp/ ___ Follow Curt Anderson on Twitter: http://Twitter.com/Miamicurt. Copyright (2013) Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and non-commercial use. Users may not download or reproduce a substantial portion of the AP material found on this web site. AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. YACHT OF THE WEEK:  For $33.75 Million, Own The Luxurious, Speedy 'Harmony' facebook linkedin twitter google+ email email share share tweet share email Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Linkedin Share on Google Plus email Recommended For You Comments Comments on this post are now closed. Insiders All Comments 1 Apply To Be An "Insider" » Loading Good Luck Finding Out If The Cruise Ship You're Traveling On Is Safe Good Luck Finding Out If The Cruise Ship You're Traveling On Is Safe A maze of rules and regulations. Get Transportation Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Transportation Select More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Breaking News Business Insider Events Entertainment Entertainment Select Sports Select Finance Finance Select Markets Select Monday Scouting Report Your Money Select Financial Advisor Insights Smart Investor Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select Marketing Mondays Advertising: The Brief Politics Politics Select Military Select Law & Order Select Life Life Select Transportation Select Education Select Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Social Media Chart Of The Day Mobile Chart Of The Day Video Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Advertisement Your Money NASDAQ Composite 4,475 +1.46 (+0.033%) S&P 500 1,989 +2.15 (+0.108%) NYSE Composite 11,049 +24.63 (+0.223%) Sponsored By LinkedIn E-COMMERCE AND THE FUTURE OF RETAIL: 2014 [SLIDE DECK] The 'Internet Of Things' Will Be Bigger Than The Smartphone, Tablet, And PC Markets Combined LinkedIn May Not Be The Coolest Social Network, But It's Only Becoming More Valuable To Businesses Login with LinkedIn to see what your friends are reading on Business Insider. Login with LinkedIn No articles have recently been shared in your network. More » Sponsored Content The Soylent Subculture: 10 People Tell Us What It's Like Living on Powdered Food More "Game Changers" » How Does GPS Work? More "Innovation Explained" » The 21 Coolest Small Businesses In Toronto More "Moving Forward" » A San Francisco Startup Has Plans To Blow Up The Egg Industry More "Game Changers" » Welcome, ! You are logged into Facebook Social: Your Activity| These articles have been shared on your timeline. You can remove them here: Options Notify me when a story is shared. Yes No Welcome, ! You are logged in with Google Social: Your Activity| These articles have been added to your Google activity log. You can remove them here: Options Notify me when a story is shared. Yes No Watch & Learn How Richard Branson Gets Fresh Water On His Private Island The Science Is In — Why Gluten Sensitivity Is Probably Fake Why Mosquitoes Bite Some People But Not Others Trending The New Digital Frontier: Video The Digital Video Advertising Report: Growth Forecasts And Viewability Scandals The Online Video Ecosystem Explained — Who Holds The Real Power In Video Streaming? Video Game Consoles Are Still The Most Popular Streaming Devices For TVs    Read Business Insider On The Go FREE App Download Available for iPhone, iPad, Android, BlackBerry and Windows Advertisement Find A Job Tech Jobs Media Jobs Finance Jobs C-Level Jobs Design Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs Thanks to our partners * Copyright © 2014 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Powered by MongoDB Hosted by Datapipe Stock quotes by YCharts Made in NYC International Editions: AUS ID IN MY SG
http://www.foodsafetynews.com/2013/03/cruise-ships-rocked-by-stomach-bugs-last-week/
Food Safety News Breaking news for everyone's consumption Home Foodborne Illness Outbreaks Food Recalls Food Politics Events Subscribe About Us Directory Cruise Ships Rocked by Stomach Illnesses Last Week Norovirus suspected By Gretchen Goetz | March 12, 2013 Nearly 400 passengers and crew aboard 2 different cruise ships were throwing up last week — but not from seasickness. The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reported Monday that at least 121 people traveling on Royal Caribbean’s Vision of the Seas and 276 people aboard Princess Cruises’ Ruby Princess fell ill with gastrointestinal symptoms last week. Illnesses were characterized by diarrhea and vomiting, likely caused by Norovirus, which infects the intestines and most commonly affects people in enclosed spaces such as cruise ships, daycares and nursing homes. The Vision of the Seas, which was returning from an 11-day voyage to the Caribbean, docked Friday in Port Everglades, Florida. A total of 118 out of the 1,991 passengers were sickened on that trip, as were 3 of the 765 crew members. Patients were treated for symptoms with over-the-counter medication available on the ship, according to a statement from Royal Caribbean. Royal Caribbean staff collected stool samples from 5 ill passengers and crew and submitted them to the CDC  for laboratory analysis. Staff also increased onboard sanitation measures during the outbreak. “During the sailing, we conduct enhanced cleaning onboard the ship, to help prevent the spread of the illness,” said Royal Caribbean in a statement. The boat left for its next the same day it arrived, after undergoing sanitization both onboard and at the cruise terminal, according to the company. Embarking passengers were notified of the illnesses that had occurred on the last trip. The Ruby Princess returned from a 7-day voyage to the Eastern Caribbean Sunday, docking in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. On that vessel, 266 of the 3,129 passengers fell ill, along with 10 of the 1,189 crew members. “At the first sign of higher-than-expected cases of illness aboard the Ruby Princess, the highest level of sanitation procedures were implemented, and these continued throughout the day before the next group of passengers boarded the ship (Sunday) afternoon,”  said Princess Cruises representative Karen Candy in an emailed statement to Food Safety News. “These pro-active procedures will continue throughout the subsequent cruise as well.”   CDC reports that staff “attempted collection of stool specimens from passenger and crew gastrointestinal illness cases” onboard the Ruby Princess while people were ill. The Ruby Princess, which also departed for another voyage the day she arrived, left a bit behind schedule Sunday after she was thoroughly disinfected and sanitized, noted Candy. Passengers boarding the ship for the next cruise were given a letter notifying them of the outbreak on the previous voyage, according to the CDC. Both vessels are scheduled to report to CDC’s Vessel Sanitation Program daily on their next voyages. Last year, CDC documented seven different Norovirus outbreaks on Princess Cruises’ boats. Two of these occurred on the Ruby Princess. Two Norovirus outbreaks were reported on Royal Caribbean cruises in 2012; one of them was on the Vision of the Seas.  Cruise ships have been working on improving sanitation methods to protect against Norovirus, which is transmitted via the fecal-oral route and spreads quickly among concentrated groups of people. Candy described Princess Cruises’ sanitation plan in the event of an outbreak: - High-touch surfaces like railings, door handles and elevator buttons are thoroughly disinfected. - Passengers are encouraged to use correct hand-washing procedures. To enhance this, hand sanitizing gels are placed throughout the ship. - Ill passengers and affected crew should be isolated in cabins until non-contagious. - Passengers are encouraged to use their own cabin’s bathroom facilities. - Self-serve buffets are converted to full service. - Staff make regular announcements and written communications to passengers outlining precautions to take while onboard. © Food Safety News More Headlines from Foodborne Illness Investigations » Tags: cruise ships, norovirus, Norovirus outbreak, Princess Cruises, Royal Caribbean Print Like Tweet LinkedIn Email Tammy We returned last week from the Florida Jax port on a cruise to the Bahamas we were on a Carnaval ship. 2 of our 4 party came down sick second day out with all the symptoms of the Norovirus. We also talked to other guest that was sick as well they had puck bags up in hallway’s, But i have not heard anything about this particular ship being contaminated i’am thinking because they already had 1 ship come back into port that very day with most crew and passengers sick and the other three with engine trouble….And i did take precaution washing my hands all the time using the gel everywhere i went, i have traveled before and i’am very cautiouse when i travel and still have been very sick fro three days home after the trip was over.. hco It’s the water stations on the 15th floor hco OUT of 6 two got sick. Family shared food drinks. At 11 pm last night on board 2 went up for water on Lido 15th floor at 11p.m. or so and got sick several hrs later. It was bacterial, not viral and needed antibiotics. The water tanks upstairs were not cooled, we drank the water not thinking and that wasn’t norovirus Hstone I was on the Oceania approx July 5-16. Starting the last 2 days I was unable to eat and vomiting. When I got home I continued to vomit and had diarehea since. How do I find out if anyone else got ill on this scandanavian cruise? Stay Connected Contact Us Subscribe for Free via Email or RSS Like Food Safety News on Facebook Follow Food Safety News on Twitter Connect with Food Safety News on LinkedIn Most Read on Food Safety News Fruit Recalled for Potential Listeria Contamination, Wegmans Recalls Fruit Desserts Q&A: California Fruit Recall Final Report Adds Details to E. Coli Outbreak from Trader Joe’s Salads Breads Withdrawn From Market For Potential Listeria Contamination Chinese TV Report Prompts McDonald’s and KFC to Drop U.S.-Owned Supplier Publisher’s Platform: Three Years Since People Died From Cantaloupe Three States Sue 5-Hour Energy Makers For ‘Deceptive’ Advertising Tests Show Most Store Honey Isn’t Honey How Often Does Listeria Get Properly Diagnosed? Letter From the Editor: School Lunch Dropouts Food Safety Eventshttps://www.google.com/calendar/feeds/p5h846ufovmk2od0q3pbufjmb8%40group.calendar.google.com/public/basic AMP Food and Agribusiness Management Program July 22, 2014 - August 2, 2014 Cornell University Implementing SQF Training, Ver. 7.2 July 23, 2014 - July 25, 2014 Burbank, CA, United States HACCP Class (Accredited HACCP class) July 24, 2014 - July 26, 2014 DeLand, FL, USA See More Events Get your Food Safety Events listed here for free, read more Government Newswire FDA Kraft Voluntarily Recalls Some Varieties of Kraft And Polly-O String Cheese And String Cheese Twists Due to Premature Spoilage Boston Salads and Prepared Foods Recalling Ready-To- Eat Products Because of Possible Health Risk Kashmir Crown Baking LLC Issues Allergy Alert on Undeclared Eggs on KCB Pista Khatie NatureMost Laboratories Issues Allergy Alert On Undeclared (Allergen) In Product Reser’s Fine Foods, Inc. Recalls Refrigerated Ready-to-Eat Products Due to Potential Health Risk CDC September 24, 2013 (Final Update): Multistate Outbreak of Listeriosis Linked to Crave Brothers Farmstead Cheeses August 22, 2013 (Initial Announcement) : Multistate Outbreak of Listeriosis Linked to Crave Brothers Farmstead Cheeses August 19, 2013 (Investigation Update) Multistate Outbreak of Human Salmonella Typhimurium Infections Linked to Live Poultry in Backyard Flocks August 9, 2013 (Investigation Update) Multistate Outbreak of Human Salmonella Typhimurium Infections Linked to Live Poultry July 18, 2013 (Investigation Update) Multistate Outbreak of Human Salmonella Infections Linked to Live Poultry USDA Alabama Firm Recalls Beef Jerky Products Due to Misbranding and Undeclared Allergen California Firm Recalls Salad Product Containing Chicken Due To Misbranding and Undeclared Allergen Missouri Firm Recalls Lasagna Products Due To Misbranding and Undeclared Allergen California Firm Recalls Ready-To-Eat Grilled Chicken Strips Due To Misbranding and Undeclared Allergens California Firm Recalls Pork Pie Products Due to Misbranding and Undeclared Allergens OTHER New Hawaii Sea Restaurant Hepatitis A Outbreak Burma Superstar E. coli Outbreak - California (2013) William Marler, Attorney for E. coli Victims, Reacts to Federico’s Announcement Iguana Joe’s Restaurant Salmonella Lawsuit & Litigation - Texas (2013) Marler Clark Files Second E. coli Lawsuit Against Federico’s Mexican Restaurant '); jQuery('.tab-panel').insertAfter('.tab-ul'); jQuery( '.tabs' ).tabs(); }); Food Recalls /sections/food-recalls/feed/ Whole Foods Market Recalls Made-in-Store Items Containing Recalled Fruit Carob Powder Recalled for Possible Salmonella Contamination Breads Withdrawn From Market For Potential Listeria Contamination Fruit Recalled for Potential Listeria Contamination, Wegmans Recalls Fruit Desserts Most Read on FSN Fruit Recalled for Potential Listeria Contamination, Wegmans Recalls Fruit Desserts Q&A: California Fruit Recall Final Report Adds Details to E. Coli Outbreak from Trader Joe’s Salads Chinese TV Report Prompts McDonald’s and KFC to Drop U.S.-Owned Supplier Food Safety News - Breaking news for everyone's consumption Foodborne Illness Outbreaks Food Recalls Food Politics Lawsuits & Litigation Food Policy & Law Science & Research Foodborne Illness Investigations Local Food Sustainability Government Agencies Nutrition & Public Health World For Foodies Food Safety Leaders Victim Stories Opinion & Contributed Articles Copyright © Marler Clark Privacy Policy | Legal Statement | Advertise Footer Stay Connected Subscribe for Free via Email or RSS Like Food Safety News on Facebook Follow Food Safety News on Twitter Home | About Us | Contact Us
