http://mashable.com/2013/02/03/super-bowl-power-outage/
Mashable Mashable Sign in Like Follow @mashable see more  > Search Must Reads Social Media Tech Business Entertainment US & World Watercooler More Channels Must Reads Social Media Tech Business Entertainment US & World Watercooler Company About Us Licensing & Reprints Archive Mashable Careers Contact Contact Us Submit News Advertise Advertise Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Apps iPhone App iPad App Android App Resources Subscriptions Sites Jobs Events Social Good Summit Media Summit Watercooler Like Follow 15 Things That May Have Caused Super Bowl Power Outage 2.0k Shares Share Tweet Share What's This? By Brian Anthony Hernandez 2013-02-04 01:58:56 UTC Video courtesy of NowThisNews Power to half of Mercedes-Benz Superdome, including the scoreboard, went dark with 13:22 left in the third quarter of the Super Bowl. Gameplay resumed at 9:10 p.m. ET after nearly 35 minutes of head scratching. During the outage, Twitter lit up with speculation as to what caused the outage. Oreo also shared a yummy reactionary tweet. Is this the part where Bane comes out? — Joe Fernandez (@JoeFernandez) February 4, 2013 Beyonce used up all the power with this: twitpic.com/c0qk4t #SB47 — NowThis News (@nowthisnews) February 4, 2013 Who backed up against the light switch? — Bill Maher (@billmaher) February 4, 2013 Sending some LEDs to the @mbusa Superdome right now... — Audi (@Audi) February 4, 2013 Finally, America cares about the infrastructure in NOLA. — Anonymous (@YourAnonNews) February 4, 2013 When the lights go out in the #superdome... The networks make more money :) #Superbowl #niners #ravens — Savannah Peterson (@SavIsSavvy) February 4, 2013 #SuperBowl blackout is clearly sabotage perpetrated by PBS #DowntonAbbey #BlameBates — Keith Olbermann (@KeithOlbermann) February 4, 2013 The lights went out because Ocean's Eleven broke into the stadium and stole the Super Bowl rings. — Mt. Diablo (@HumnoiNation) February 4, 2013 Don’t think of this a power outage it’s a energy conservation time out. #SuperBowl — Paul Scheer (@paulscheer) February 4, 2013 Buffalo Wild Wings guys got a tad carried away — Bob Ley (@BobLeyESPN) February 4, 2013 SF HACKED THE SUPERDOME — Stephan West (@swest) February 4, 2013 Ray Lewis was crying by the power outlets #SuperBowl — Cedric Bixler Zavala (@cedricbixler_) February 4, 2013 No power = Katrina aftermath. Let's call FEMA. #SuperBowl — Cody LaGrow (@CodyLaGrow) February 4, 2013 The Power went out. New Orleans blew a fuse BC Phil Simms talks too much. #superbowl — Evan Shapiro (@eshap) February 4, 2013 Would be cool if this blackout turns out to be a VERY effective commercial for candles. #SuperBowl — Jen Statsky (@jenstatsky) February 4, 2013 Homepage image via screengrab courtesy of CBS Sports Topics: Conversations, Entertainment, Sports, Super Bowl, Television, Video, Watercooler Load Comments Powered by Livefyre What's Hot More in Watercooler The New Stuff The Next Big Thing What's Hot The New Stuff The Next Big Thing What's Hot About Us Jobs Advertise Subscribe Privacy Terms Mashable is a leading source for news, information and resources for the Connected Generation. Mashable reports on the importance of digital innovation and how it empowers and inspires people around the world. Mashable's record 34 million unique visitors worldwide and 15 million social media followers are one of the most influential and engaged online communities. Founded in 2005, Mashable is headquartered in New York City with an office in San Francisco. ©2005-2014 Mashable, Inc. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved. Designed in collaboration with Code & Theory
http://www.ibtimes.com/super-bowl-2013-blackout-what-caused-power-outage-1059152
Jump to Navigation Thursday, July 24, 2014 As of 1:19 PM EDT U.S. Edition Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition U.K. Edition U.S. Edition Subscribe | Make IBT your homepage Home Politics Economy Markets / Finance Companies Technology Media & Culture Sports Video Companies Energy Super Bowl 2013 Blackout: What Caused The Power Outage? By  Moran Zhang@moranzhang on February 04 2013 10:21 AM Baltimore Ravens outside linebacker Terrell Suggs waits on the field after half the lights went out in the third quarter against the San Francisco 49ers in the NFL Super Bowl XLVII football game in New Orleans, La., Feb. 3. Reuters/Mike Segar Just barely 90 seconds into the second half of Super Bowl XLVII, about half of the lights at the 73,000-seat Mercedes-Benz Superdome suddenly went out — and delayed the game for 34 minutes. The Superdome has received more than $470 million in public support since Hurricane Katrina, Bloomberg reports, as taxpayers have footed the bill for renovations and upgrades in the face of threats from ownership and the National Football League to move the team to another city. Coming in the year’s most-watched TV and sporting event, this was a gaffe beyond embarrassing. The day after the great power outage, people are searching for the cause, or the parties to blame. Early Monday, Entergy Corporation (NYSE: ETR) and SMG, the company that manages the Mercedes-Benz Superdome, said in a joint statement that: “Shortly after the beginning of the second half of the Super Bowl in the Mercedes Benz Superdome, a piece of equipment that is designed to monitor electrical load sensed an abnormality in the system.  Once the issue was detected, the sensing equipment operated as designed and opened a breaker, causing power to be partially cut to the Superdome in order to isolate the issue. “Backup generators kicked in immediately as designed. Entergy and SMG subsequently coordinated startup procedures, ensuring that full power was safely restored to the Superdome. “The fault-sensing equipment activated where the Superdome equipment intersects with Entergy's feed into the facility. There were no additional issues detected. Entergy and SMG [management company of the Mercedes-Benz Superdome] will continue to investigate the root cause of the abnormality.” Super Bowl XLVII was the most social Super Bowl ever, according to Twitter, which said there were 24.1 million tweets sent about the football game and halftime show on Sunday night, topping last year’s record of 13.7 million by early in the second half. The largest spike was during the power outage, when Twitter saw 3,858 tweets per second. To put that into perspective, five years ago, at Super Bowl XLII, the highest spike was 27 tweets per second. Mayor Mitch Landrieu issued the following statement Sunday night regarding the Super Bowl power outage: "The power outage was an unfortunate moment in what has been an otherwise shining Super Bowl week for the City of New Orleans.  In the coming days, I expect a full after action report from all parties involved.  For us, the Super Bowl isn't over until the last visitor leaves town, so we're focused on continuing to show our visitors a good time." Related Beyonce Electrifies Superdome; Runs Into Jay-Z's Arms After Halftime Performance Baltimore Ravens Edge San Francisco 49ers In The NFL's Super Bowl, 34-31 Share this article Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google + More More news from Energy US Refineries Running At Record Levels Amid Domestic Oil Boom States Opposing Obama's Climate Rules Leaving Money On The Table China Can Offer Little Help To Russia In Current Crisis US Climate Policy Unduly Influenced By 'Hollywood Elites': Senator Japan Boosts Support For Overseas Coal Plants Russia Sanctions Would Injure, Not Kill EU's Economy Maine Town Set To Block Tar Sands Oil Transport US Natural Gas Drilling Feeding Oil Service Company Profits Iran Eliminates Sensitive Uranium Gas Stockpile In Deal More News from IBT MEDIA View the discussion thread. IBTIMES TV more MuteUnmute Your video will play in _countdown_ seconds Review: Sony Smartwatch2 Search Latest News Media & Culture Daughter Of Cuban President Not Aboard Crashed Air Algerie Flight Politics Ukrainian Prime Minister To Step Down Politics CNN Journalist Abducted By Pro-Russian Separatists Politics 61 Dead In Militant Attack On Prisoner Convoy Near Baghdad Most Read Most Shared 1 MH17 Conspiracy Theories Start To Circulate 2.6k Shares 2 Pro-Sports Billionaires 1, Retirees 0 1.6k Shares 3 Staten Island Man Dies In NYPD Chokehold 1.1k Shares 4 Names Of MH17 Crew Released Along With Nationalities Of Passengers 652 Shares 5 'We Have Just Shot Down A Plane': Ukrainians Claim They Intercepted Russian Intelligence About MH17 368 Shares 6 Surreal Horror: Photos Of MH17 Wreckage 263 Shares 7 Apple Preparing For Biggest iPhone Launch Ever 104 Shares Follow Us Please enter a valid email Like us Follow us Join us Full site feed Home Politics Economy Markets / Finance Companies Technology Media & Culture Sports Video Corporate About Us Leadership Advertise with Us Media Kit Contact Careers Terms of Service Privacy IBT Media Press Releases Syndication Editions Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. Back to Top Back to Home Full Site © Copyright 2014 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. Search Home Politics View All Africa Asia Pacific Europe Middle East The Americas US Economy View All Africa Asia Pacific Europe Middle East The Americas US Markets / Finance View All Commodities ETF Financial Services Forex Gold Precious Metals Market Data Companies View All Autos Basic Materials Energy Manufacturing Real Estate Transportation Retail/Consumer Goods Tech / Sci View All Companies Mobile Computers Games Internet Social Media Science Media & Culture View All Art Books Education Entertainment Industry News People Travel Sports View All NFL MLB NBA NHL Tennis Golf Soccer Opinion View All Analysis Fighting Words SportsNet TV CNN Journalist Abducted By Pro-Russian Separatists Ukrainian Prime Minister To Step Down Algerian Plane Crashed In Al Qaeda-Controlled Region Another Black Man Was Put In A Chokehold By NYPD [VIDEO] FAA Warned About Airspace Where AH5017 Crashed Algerian Plane In Africa Crash Had Long, Safe History More Politics Africa Asia Pacific Europe Middle East The Americas US Obama's New Plan Says Your China-Built iPhone Was 'Made In The USA' Goldilocks Would Like The Latest Inflation Report: Data Just Right Can Myanmar Avoid Its Resource Curse? June US Food Prices Rose At Slowest Pace Since January US Jobless Claims Fall To 8-Year Low Stimulus Boosts Order Books At Chinese Factories More Economy Africa Asia Pacific Europe Middle East The Americas US Norway's State-Run Investment Fund May Sell $8B Of Russian Assets AT&T's New Device Financing Plan Weighs On Revenue AT&T, Chernin Group Close To Buying Majority Slice Of Fullscreen: Report Facebook Stock Soars On Q2 Earnings, Revenue Up 61% GSK Crisis Or Not, China Still Big Draw For Multinationals Barclays Files Motion To Dismiss New York 'Dark Pool' Fraud Charges More Markets / Finance Commodities ETF Financial Services Forex Gold Precious Metals Market Data American Apparel Gets First Woman Director China Investigates Nearly 600 Firms As Food Scandal Spreads 'They Would Spit In The Meat' Why Is Facebook’s Stock Soaring? Senator, Advocates Warn Veterans About For-Profit College Recruiting McDonald's Stock Falls From Grace As Analysts Fret About Growth More Companies Autos Basic Materials Energy Manufacturing Real Estate Transportation Retail/Consumer Goods Wipro Reports Higher Profits Amid Booming Indian IT Industry Are Heists Coming Soon To 'GTA Online'? Swatch Group: Nope, We're Not Working With Apple On iWatch Samsung Galaxy Alpha Leak Shows Off A Touch Of Metal Sony 'Edging Closer' To 'H1Z1' Launch Apple 12-Inch Retina MacBook And 4K iMac Reportedly In Development More Technology Companies Mobile Computers Games Internet Social Media Science ‘Dance Moms’ Season 4 Sneak Peek NYPD Officer Who Put Man In Chokehold Faced Previous Complaints 'Fifty Shades Of Grey' Movie Trailer Premieres [VIDEO] Ashik Gavai, Indian Teen, Has 232 Teeth Removed In Possible World-Record Operation Daughter Of Cuban President Not Aboard Crashed Air Algerie Flight Unknown DJ Uses 'Blackface' And Calls Himself ‘Music’s Slave’ More Media & Culture Art Books Education Entertainment Industry News People Travel How Chelsea’s Squad Is Shaping Up Big Names Available At MLB Trade Deadline Quality Free Agents Still On Market United Crush Galaxy 7-0 Packers Create Competition At DT, TE More Sports NFL MLB NBA NHL Tennis Golf Soccer World Cup Should We Be Able To Pay For Different Levels Of Quality In Our Medicines? Brandeis University Needs To Take Its 'Core Principles' Seriously - Letter Move Past The 35-Year-Old Hostage Crisis Already Nigeria - Open For Business And Full Of Opportunities Miley Cyrus' New Short Film Features Drug Use And NSFW Content Honoring The Man Who Helped Develop Kevlar And Saved Countless Lives More Opinion Analysis Fighting Words SportsNet When To Buy Apple, Microsoft & Facebook Shares Earnings Preview: Microsoft, Apple, Facebook Review: Sony Smartwatch2 This Startup Pays You To Help Them Track Traffic Sony Phone Is Viable Alternative To Galaxy S5 Acer’s Weirdly-Shaped Tablet Is Too Pricey   Print + Digital $1.25 per Week Subscribe
http://espn.go.com/nfl/playoffs/2012/story/_/id/8911864/2013-super-bowl-power-outage-stops-game-super-bowl-xlvii
EDITIONS: USA ESPAÑOL More Australia Brazil United Kingdom CITIES: BOSTON CHICAGO DALLAS LOS ANGELES NEW YORK ESPN NFL Shop 2012 NFL Playoffs 'Abnormality' caused power outage Updated: February 4, 2013, 8:01 AM ET By Pat Yasinskas | ESPN.com Recommend Tweet Comments Email Print Recommend Tweet Comments Email Print Subscribe NEW ORLEANS -- As he ran 108 yards for the longest kickoff return in Super Bowl history, Jacoby Jones saw only one thing. "Daylight," Jones said after helping the Baltimore Ravens to a 34-31 victory over the San Francisco 49ers. "Follow any avenue and it was daylight." AP Photo/Marcio SanchezThe majority of lights went out in the Superdome during the Super Bowl, causing a 34-minute delay. The irony was that Super Bowl XLVII forever will be remembered for a period of darkness. Minutes after Jones gave the Ravens a 28-6 lead on the second-half kickoff, the lights went out in the Mercedes-Benz Superdome. Some backup lighting remained on, but play was stopped for about 34 minutes, and the international television broadcast was interrupted. Officials from Entergy, the utility company supplying power to the Superdome, said the outage occurred when sensing equipment detected an "abnormality" in the system. A statement from Entergy and the Superdome said that a piece of equipment monitoring electrical load sensed the abnormality and opened a breaker, partially cutting power. The statement said backup generators kicked in before full power could be restored. Garber: Best, Worst of Super Bowl XLVII On a night filled with big plays, a bizarre power outage took center stage in Super Bowl XLVII. Greg Garber looks at that and the rest of the best and worst in the Superdome during the Ravens' win. Story "The power outage was an unfortunate moment in what has been an otherwise shining Super Bowl week for the city of New Orleans,'" Mayor Mitch Landrieau said. "In the coming days, I expect a full after-action report from all parties involved. "For us, the Super Bowl isn't over until the last visitor leaves town, so we're focused on continuing to show our visitors a good time." FBI special agent Michael Anderson said terrorism was not the cause of the power outage and dismissed reports of a fire as a cause. In addition, New Orleans Fire Department spokesman Michael Williams said no fire was reported before, during or after the power outage at the Superdome. The New Orleans fire department was called to investigate a smell of gas near the Superdome's elevator No. 8, New Orleans police Sgt. T.J. St. Pierre said. The elevator was stalled on the seventh floor with people inside. The fire department tried to pry open the elevator from the basement, and it resumed operation after the power returned. SportsNation: Reaction to power outage Athletes took to Twitter to talk about the power outage that caused a 34-minute delay at the Super Bowl. • Your take? Entergy, the main power company in New Orleans, issued a statement saying the outage was not its fault. "At all times, Entergy's distribution and transmission feeders were serving the Mercedes-Benz Superdome," the company said. "We continue working with Superdome personnel to address any outstanding issues." Doug Thornton is the senior vice president for SMG, the company that runs the Superdome, but was not available for comment. "We sincerely apologize for the incident," Superdome spokesman Eric Fagan said. The NFL issued a brief statement during the game, saying the cause of the outage was being investigated. As postgame interviews of coaches and players were being held, NFL spokesman Greg Aiello said the league would not be making further comment. Notable Delays in Major Events Sunday night's power outage at the Superdome, which delayed Super Bowl XLVII some 34 minutes in the third quarter, wasn't the first significant delay in a major sporting event. Here's a look at some of the others: 2008 World Series -- Games 3 and 5 between the Phillies and Devil Rays, both in Philadelphia, were delayed by rain. Game 5 began on a Monday and resumed on a Wednesday 1993 Heavyweight fight -- "Fan man" delayed Riddick Bowe-Evander Holyfield WBA heavyweight title bout 1990 Stanley Cup finals -- Game 1 between Oilers and Bruins at Boston Garden delayed 25 minutes when a bank of lights went out 1989 World Series -- Game 3 between Athletics and Giants in San Francisco was delayed 10 days because of an earthquake 1988 Stanley Cup finals -- Game 4 between Oilers and Bruins at Boston Garden postponed for power failure. Game was rescheduled as a Game 7 if necessary and ultimately abandoned 1975 World Series -- Game 6 between the Red Sox and the Reds, known for Carlton Fisk's thrilling home run, was delayed for two straight nights by bad weather 1962 World Series -- The Yankees-Giants series was plagued by rain in both cities. Game 5 in New York was delayed one day. Game 6 in San Francisco was delayed four days 1911 World Series -- Six days of rain separated Games 3 and 4. When play resumed, the Philadelphia A's outlasted the New York Giants for their second consecutive title During the outage, NFL senior vice president Ray Anderson was seen in a hallway on the ground floor of the dome. "Power outage," Anderson said. "We don't know." The outage stopped the game, and it also appeared to alter its course. Up until that point, Baltimore had dominated San Francisco. Players stayed on the field during the outage. Some laid on the ground while others spent time stretching. After the initial shock of the outage wore off, fans started doing the wave. Once full lighting was restored, it appeared as if the Ravens still were resting. Led by quarterback Colin Kaepernick, the 49ers scored 17 points in the span of 4 minutes, 10 seconds in the third quarter. "The problem was, we were talking it up on the sideline, like 'They're trying to take our momentum,' " Baltimore safety Ed Reed said. "And I was like, 'There are two teams on this field right here.' But once we started talking about it, it happened." That set the stage for a dramatic finish under the brightest of lights. Kaepernick scrambled for a touchdown with 9:57 remaining, but the 49ers failed to convert a two-point conversion that would have tied the game. Baltimore added a field goal with 4:19 remaining, but Kaepernick responded by orchestrating a drive that took the 49ers down the field with a chance to win the game. But San Francisco turned the ball over after Kaepernick threw three incomplete passes. New Orleans was once a regular in the Super Bowl rotation and hopes to regain that status. Earlier in the week, the host committee announced it will bid on the 2018 Super Bowl, which would coincide with the 300th anniversary of the city's founding. The 38-year-old Superdome has undergone $336 million in renovations since Katrina ripped its roof in 2005. Billions have been spent sprucing up downtown, the airport, French Quarter and other areas of the city in the past seven years. Information from The Associated Press was used in this report. Recommend Tweet Email Subscribe Print Comments Pat Yasinskas | emailESPN Tampa Bay Buccaneers reporter Follow Archive Previously covered NFC South for ESPN.com Covered Panthers for The Charlotte Observer from 1999-2008 Began journalism career with The Tampa Tribune in 1990 SPONSORED HEADLINES MORE NFL HEADLINES Sources: Ravens RB Rice suspended 2 games Suspended WR Blackmon arrested for pot RG III: Good having coaches 'believe in you' Source: Gordon to appeal suspension Aug. 1 MOST SENT STORIES ON ESPN.COM Browns fan urinates on Art Modell's grave Medcalf & O'Neil: Playground basketball is dying Dick's Sporting Goods fires in-store golf pros Stoops bashes Saban's 'consolation' remark ESPN Conversations comments + Add your comment View all comments SUPER BOWL XLVII COVERAGE Follow the NFL on ESPN on Facebook Road to Superdome | Super Bowl results NFL Stadium Guides | QBR ratings Super Bowl Bowl topics SUPER BOWL CENTRAL RAVENS 34, 49ERS 31 Fox: Flacco is right on the money Hensley: Ravens' pressure to sign Flacco Clayton: 10 things we learned Clayton: Early SB favorites for 2013 Grades: Ravens | 49ers numberFire: 2013 Playoffs Predictor Tuley: Super Bowl value bets for 2014 MacGregor: SB overtakes American culture Barnwell: Putting the Ravens' win in context Sando: Where 49ers, QBs fell short Stats & Info: Flacco's downfield dominance Chadiha: Ray Lewis' biggest contribution Garber: Best and worst moments Hensley: A magical ride for Ravens Graziano: Ravens defend final 5 yards Sando: 49ers should blame themselves Garber: Har-Bowl bittersweet for family Fagan: Ayanbadejo can't celebrate just yet Power outage delays game FBO: Why Baltimore can repeat Williamson: Can 49ers get back? History: Ravens | 49ers | Super Bowl SUPER BOWL WEEK HIGHLIGHTS Garber: Doug Williams proud of his role Secrets of the Super Bowl Quarterbacks Merrill: Are you a Ray Lewis believer? Lost Heroes of the Super Bowl "Lost Heroes" photo gallery SPORTSNATION Vote: SB reaction | Grades | Commercials Rank: Best SB | Last 10 champs | Catches Is SB MVP Joe Flacco elite? Reaction to power outage 2013 NFL DRAFT Mocks: Kiper 1.0 | McShay 1.0 Ranks: McShay top 32 | Kiper Big Board Muench: Keenan Allen the next Boldin? Updated order: 49ers at 31, Ravens at 32 2013 NFL draft home page | Kiper home EDITORS' PICKS NFL Nation TV Frank Caliendo stops by to talk impressions, NFL. Nation TV Rice Gets 2-Game Ban The NFL has suspended Ravens RB Ray Rice for two games. Story » Their Futures Are Bright Which teams have the best young talent under 25? FBO   NFL Home » ALSO SEE Ravens survive Niners' rally to win Super Bowl Lewis on SB-winning swan song: 'We did it!' Flacco caps postseason run with MVP honors John Harbaugh: Tough to compete against Jim Ravens' Jones sets record with 108-yard return Kiper/Sando: Top 25 players under age 25 Jaws: Ranking every NFL QB | Sando: QB tiers Schatz: Top 25 breakout prospects Karabell: Breakout fantasy QBs | RBs | WRs FBO: Teams with most under-25 talent SPORTS NFL MLB NBA NHL College Football College Basketball Soccer NASCAR MORE Racing Golf Tennis Boxing MMA Recruiting Olympic Sports Horse Racing FANTASY Football Baseball Streak for the Cash SPORTSNATION Polls Chats VIDEO Most Recent Highlights MORE Music Sports Passport Sports Calendar Arcade Contests TOOLS Contact Us Member Services myESPN ESPN Alerts Developer Center Corrections Daily Line RSS TV LISTINGS WatchESPN RADIO ESPN THE MAGAZINE SHOP SPORTSCENTER TEAM ESPN ESPN FRONT ROW MyESPN NFL MLB NBA NHL NCAAF NCAAM NASCAR SOCCER GOLF TENNIS BOXING MMA MORE SPORTS INSIDER SN RADIO& MORE espnW& X GAMES FANTASY& GAMES WATCH NFL Home Scores Schedule Standings Stats Teams AFC East Buffalo Bills Miami Dolphins NE Patriots New York Jets AFC West Denver Broncos Kansas City Chiefs Oakland Raiders San Diego Chargers AFC North Baltimore Ravens Cincinnati Bengals Cleveland Browns Pittsburgh Steelers AFC South Houston Texans Indianapolis Colts Jacksonville Jaguars Tennessee Titans NFC East Dallas Cowboys New York Giants Philadelphia Eagles Washington Redskins NFC West Arizona Cardinals San Francisco 49ers Seattle Seahawks St. Louis Rams NFC North Chicago Bears Detroit Lions Green Bay Packers Minnesota Vikings NFC South Atlanta Falcons Carolina Panthers New Orleans Saints Tampa Bay Bucs Players NFL Nation Draft MN HQ Free agents Rumors CFL Resources Transactions Attendance Coaches Super Bowl MVPs Super Bowl winners Weekly Leaders 2013 Season Preview 2014 NFL draft 2014 draft picks Power Rankings MN HQ Super Bowl XLVIII 2013 playoff results 2014 key dates Tickets Report a Bug ESPN.com: Help | Press | Advertise on ESPN.com | Sales Media Kit | Interest-Based Ads | Corrections | Contact Us | Site Map | Jobs at ESPN | Go.com © 2014 ESPN Internet Ventures. Terms of Use and Privacy Policy and Safety Information/Your California Privacy Rights are applicable to you. All rights reserved.
http://espn.go.com/nfl/playoffs/2012/story/_/id/8916015/cause-super-bowl-power-outage-remains-unclear
EDITIONS: USA ESPAÑOL More Australia Brazil United Kingdom CITIES: BOSTON CHICAGO DALLAS LOS ANGELES NEW YORK ESPN NFL Shop 2012 NFL Playoffs Super Bowl outage was known fear Updated: February 5, 2013, 1:13 PM ET Associated Press Recommend Tweet Comments Email Print Recommend Tweet Comments Email Print Subscribe NEW ORLEANS -- The cause of a 34-minute blackout at the Super Bowl remains under investigation, but public records released Monday show that Superdome officials were worried about a power outage several months before the big game. An Oct. 15 memo released by the Louisiana Stadium & Exposition District, which oversees the Superdome, says tests on the dome's electrical feeders showed they had "some decay and a chance of failure." Entergy New Orleans, the company that supplies the stadium with power, and the structure's engineering staff "had concerns regarding the reliability of the Dome service from Entergy's connection point to the Dome," the memo says. Those concerns were due in part to "circumstances that have previously occurred with the electrical service regarding transient spikes and loads." SVP & Russillo Scott Van Pelt and Ryen Russillo review the key moments from the Super Bowl including Baltimore's first half, the power outage, San Francisco's comeback and more. More Podcasts » The memo also cites 2011 blackouts that struck Candlestick Park, where the San Francisco 49ers were playing a nationally televised Monday night football game, as a reason for ordering the tests. The board later authorized spending nearly $1 million on Superdome improvements, including more than $600,000 for upgrading the dome's electrical feeder cable system. "As discussed in previous board meetings, this enhancement is necessary to maintain both the Superdome and the New Orleans Arena as top tier facilities, and to ensure that we do not experience any electrical issues during the Super Bowl," says a LSED document dated Dec. 19. An attorney for the state board that oversees the Superdome said the blackout did not appear to be related to the replacement in December of electrical equipment connecting the stadium to Entergy. Officials with the utility and the Superdome noted that an NFL game, the Sugar Bowl and another bowl game were played there in recent weeks with no apparent problems. The exact cause of Sunday night's blackout -- and who's to blame -- remained unclear late Monday, though a couple of potential culprits had been ruled out. It wasn't Beyonce's electrifying halftime performance, according to Doug Thornton, manager of the state-owned Superdome, since the singer had her own generator. And it apparently wasn't a case of too much demand for power. Meters showed the 76,000-seat stadium was drawing no more electricity than it does during a typical New Orleans Saints game, Thornton said. The lights-out game Sunday proved an embarrassment for the Big Easy just when it was hoping to show the rest of the world how far it has come since Hurricane Katrina in 2005. But many fans and residents were forgiving, and officials expressed confidence that the episode wouldn't hurt the city's hopes of hosting the championship again. To New Orleans' great relief, NFL commissioner Roger Goodell said the city did a "terrific" job hosting its first pro football championship in the post-Hurricane Katrina era, and added: "I fully expect that we will be back here for Super Bowls." AP Photo/Marcio SanchezThe majority of lights went out in the Superdome during the Super Bowl, causing a 34-minute delay. Fans watching from their living rooms weren't deterred, either. An estimated 108.4 million television viewers saw the Baltimore Ravens beat the 49ers 34-31, making it the third most-viewed program in television history. Both the 2010 and 2011 games hit the 111 million mark. The problem that caused the outage was believed to have happened around the spot where a line that feeds current from Entergy New Orleans connects with the Superdome's electrical system, officials said. But whether the fault lay with the utility or with the Superdome was not clear. Determining the cause will probably take days, according to Dennis Dawsey, a vice president for distribution and transmission for Entergy. He said the makers of some of the switching gear have been brought in to help figure out what happened. The blackout came after a nearly flawless week of activity for football fans in New Orleans leading up to the big game. "I hope that's not what they'll remember about this Super Bowl," French Quarter artist Gloria Wallis said. "I hope that what they'll remember is they had a great time here and that they were welcomed here." Ravens fan Antonio Prezioso, a Baltimore native who went to the game with his 11-year-old son, said the outage just extended the experience. "The more time we could spend at the game was a good thing, as long as it ended the way it did," he said, laughing. The city last hosted the Super Bowl in 2002, and officials were hoping this would serve as the ultimate showcase for the city's recovery since Hurricane Katrina in 2005. The storm tore holes in the roof of the Superdome and caused water damage to its electrical systems, and more than $330 million was spent repairing and upgrading the stadium. Garber: Best, Worst of Super Bowl XLVII On a night filled with big plays, a bizarre power outage took center stage in Super Bowl XLVII. Greg Garber looks at that and the rest of the best and worst in the Superdome during the Ravens' win. Story Sunday's Super Bowl was New Orleans' 10th as host, and officials plan to make a bid for an 11th in 2018. Mayor Mitch Landrieu told WWL-AM on Monday that the outage won't hurt the city's chances, and he joked that the game got better after the blackout: "People were leaving and the game was getting boring, so we had to do a little something to spice it up." The chairwoman of the New Orleans City Council's Utility Committee has called an emergency meeting for Friday to discuss the power outage. Jarvis DeBerry, a columnist for nola.com and The Times-Picayune, wrote that the power outage gave the media "an opportunity to laugh at the apparent ineptitude or suggest that the ghosts of Hurricane Katrina were haunting the Superdome." "That's not the kind of attention the city was looking for, obviously," he wrote, "but it's certainly too soon to say if people will remember the power shortage over San Francisco's furious comeback attempt against Baltimore or if this will harm the city's future opportunities to host the Super Bowl." Bjorn Hanson, dean of New York University's Center for Hospitality and Sports Management, said the episode shouldn't hurt the city's reputation as a big convention destination. "I think people view it for what it was: an unusual event with a near-record power draw," he said. "It was the equivalent of a circuit breaker flipping." Copyright 2013 by The Associated Press Recommend Tweet Email Subscribe Print Comments SPONSORED HEADLINES MORE NFL HEADLINES Sources: Ravens RB Rice suspended 2 games Suspended WR Blackmon arrested for pot RG III: Good having coaches 'believe in you' Source: Gordon to appeal suspension Aug. 1 MOST SENT STORIES ON ESPN.COM Browns fan urinates on Art Modell's grave Medcalf & O'Neil: Playground basketball is dying Dick's Sporting Goods fires in-store golf pros Stoops bashes Saban's 'consolation' remark ESPN Conversations comments + Add your comment View all comments SUPER BOWL XLVII COVERAGE Follow the NFL on ESPN on Facebook Road to Superdome | Super Bowl results NFL Stadium Guides | QBR ratings Super Bowl Bowl topics SUPER BOWL CENTRAL RAVENS 34, 49ERS 31 Fox: Flacco is right on the money Hensley: Ravens' pressure to sign Flacco Clayton: 10 things we learned Clayton: Early SB favorites for 2013 Grades: Ravens | 49ers numberFire: 2013 Playoffs Predictor Tuley: Super Bowl value bets for 2014 MacGregor: SB overtakes American culture Barnwell: Putting the Ravens' win in context Sando: Where 49ers, QBs fell short Stats & Info: Flacco's downfield dominance Chadiha: Ray Lewis' biggest contribution Garber: Best and worst moments Hensley: A magical ride for Ravens Graziano: Ravens defend final 5 yards Sando: 49ers should blame themselves Garber: Har-Bowl bittersweet for family Fagan: Ayanbadejo can't celebrate just yet Power outage delays game FBO: Why Baltimore can repeat Williamson: Can 49ers get back? History: Ravens | 49ers | Super Bowl SUPER BOWL WEEK HIGHLIGHTS Garber: Doug Williams proud of his role Secrets of the Super Bowl Quarterbacks Merrill: Are you a Ray Lewis believer? Lost Heroes of the Super Bowl "Lost Heroes" photo gallery SPORTSNATION Vote: SB reaction | Grades | Commercials Rank: Best SB | Last 10 champs | Catches Is SB MVP Joe Flacco elite? Reaction to power outage 2013 NFL DRAFT Mocks: Kiper 1.0 | McShay 1.0 Ranks: McShay top 32 | Kiper Big Board Muench: Keenan Allen the next Boldin? Updated order: 49ers at 31, Ravens at 32 2013 NFL draft home page | Kiper home EDITORS' PICKS NFL Nation TV Frank Caliendo stops by to talk impressions, NFL. Nation TV Rice Gets 2-Game Ban The NFL has suspended Ravens RB Ray Rice for two games. Story » Their Futures Are Bright Which teams have the best young talent under 25? FBO   NFL Home » ALSO SEE NFL: Blackout won't hurt N.O.'s future bids Lights out: Power outage delays Super Bowl Flacco goes on Letterman, talks about contract Ravens' parade will include stadium celebration Ravens survive Niners' rally to win Super Bowl Flacco caps postseason run with MVP honors Niners RB Gore: Ravens 'got away with one' Kiper/Sando: Top 25 players under age 25 Jaws: Ranking every NFL QB | Sando: QB tiers Schatz: Top 25 breakout prospects Karabell: Breakout fantasy QBs | RBs | WRs FBO: Teams with most under-25 talent SPORTS NFL MLB NBA NHL College Football College Basketball Soccer NASCAR MORE Racing Golf Tennis Boxing MMA Recruiting Olympic Sports Horse Racing FANTASY Football Baseball Streak for the Cash SPORTSNATION Polls Chats VIDEO Most Recent Highlights MORE Music Sports Passport Sports Calendar Arcade Contests TOOLS Contact Us Member Services myESPN ESPN Alerts Developer Center Corrections Daily Line RSS TV LISTINGS WatchESPN RADIO ESPN THE MAGAZINE SHOP SPORTSCENTER TEAM ESPN ESPN FRONT ROW MyESPN NFL MLB NBA NHL NCAAF NCAAM NASCAR SOCCER GOLF TENNIS BOXING MMA MORE SPORTS INSIDER SN RADIO& MORE espnW& X GAMES FANTASY& GAMES WATCH NFL Home Scores Schedule Standings Stats Teams AFC East Buffalo Bills Miami Dolphins NE Patriots New York Jets AFC West Denver Broncos Kansas City Chiefs Oakland Raiders San Diego Chargers AFC North Baltimore Ravens Cincinnati Bengals Cleveland Browns Pittsburgh Steelers AFC South Houston Texans Indianapolis Colts Jacksonville Jaguars Tennessee Titans NFC East Dallas Cowboys New York Giants Philadelphia Eagles Washington Redskins NFC West Arizona Cardinals San Francisco 49ers Seattle Seahawks St. Louis Rams NFC North Chicago Bears Detroit Lions Green Bay Packers Minnesota Vikings NFC South Atlanta Falcons Carolina Panthers New Orleans Saints Tampa Bay Bucs Players NFL Nation Draft MN HQ Free agents Rumors CFL Resources Transactions Attendance Coaches Super Bowl MVPs Super Bowl winners Weekly Leaders 2013 Season Preview 2014 NFL draft 2014 draft picks Power Rankings MN HQ Super Bowl XLVIII 2013 playoff results 2014 key dates Tickets Report a Bug ESPN.com: Help | Press | Advertise on ESPN.com | Sales Media Kit | Interest-Based Ads | Corrections | Contact Us | Site Map | Jobs at ESPN | Go.com © 2014 ESPN Internet Ventures. Terms of Use and Privacy Policy and Safety Information/Your California Privacy Rights are applicable to you. All rights reserved.
http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/early-lead/wp/2013/02/04/super-bowl-blackout-blame-it-on-beyonce/
Sign In Username PostTV Politics Opinions Local Sports National World Business Tech Lifestyle Entertainment Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Events Rentals Cars WP BrandConnect Subscribe washingtonpost.com © 1996-2014 The Washington Post Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Sections The Washington Post Super Bowl 2013 blackout: Blame it on Beyonce? Sign In Username Subscribe Early Lead Super Bowl 2013 blackout: Blame it on Beyonce? More By Cindy Boren February 4, 2013 Follow @cindyboren Lights out, y’all. (Dave Martin / AP) The day after the great blackout of Super Bowl XLVII, the search for the cause, or the beginning of the blame game, begins. Was it Beyonce’s fault for her halftime extravaganza? Was it some sort of New Orleans voodoo? The blackout, which came 90 seconds into the second half and lasted nearly 34 minutes, was caused by power coming into the Superdome and no other areas were affected, authorities said. Coming in the year’s most-watched TV and sporting event, it was a gaffe beyond embarrassing. “Shortly after the beginning of the second half of the Super Bowl in the Mercedes-Benz Superdome, a piece of equipment that is designed to monitor electrical load sensed an abnormality in the system,” Entergy and SMG, the Superdome management company, said in a statement (via Nola.com). “Once the issue was detected, the sensing equipment operated as designed and opened a breaker, causing power to be partially cut to the Superdome in order to isolate the issue. “Backup generators kicked in immediately as designed. Entergy and SMG subsequently coordinated start up procedures, ensuring that full power was safely restored to the Superdome. The fault-sensing equipment activated where the Superdome equipment intersects with Entergy’s feed into the facility. There were no additional issues detected. “Entergy and SMG will continue to investigate the root cause of the abnormality.” Ravens wide receiver Torrey Smith had a different theory. “Beyonce must have had a hell of a show,” he joked. Although CBS cameras caught Ravens Coach John Harbaugh expressing his frustration during the outage to men in business suits, quarterback Joe Flacco said the 73,000-seat arena wasn’t that dark. “The funny thing is the light was actually good when the lights went out,” he said. “I don’t know what it looked like on TV, but I think the receivers would have still been able to see the ball in all that. “The biggest issue was with the headsets. I think our headsets were working; I think theirs weren’t.” It had been a glitch-free week for New Orleans, which was putting on its first Super Bowl in 11 years in the building so heavily damaged by Hurricane Katrina.  The city would, of course, like to host another and Mayor Mitch Landrieu promised a full investigation. Nola.com reported that the electrical system was being upgraded late last fall. “In the coming days, I expect a full after action report from all parties involved,” he said in a statement. For us, the Super Bowl isn’t over until the last visitor leaves town, so we’re focused on continuing to show our visitors a good time.” The blackout may well have saved the game. The Ravens were dominating in the first half, but had to sit for a lengthy halftime and again for the lengthy outage. After power was restored, the 49ers (who had a blackout at Candlestick in 2011) were plugged in and made a classic game out of a rout. “I just started catching passes,” Ray Lewis said, “just to keep my mind off the lights and whatever. I think that’s probably the first time that’s happened in a Super Bowl and for something that strange to happen, you just have to keep your focus. We was on a roll just then and to stop that momentum the way it did, you know — you saw the way things started to shift.” The unofficial winner of the blackout? Oreo, with this tweet mid-darkness: Power out? No problem. twitter.com/Oreo/status/29… — Oreo Cookie (@Oreo) February 4, 2013 Follow @CindyBoren on Twitter and on Facebook. Related: The power was out, the tweets weren’t. Super Bowl ads: Watch them now. Five best Super Bowl ads Five worst Super Bowl ads Cary Williams says he didn’t know he shoved a ref Michael Phelps cheers on Ray Lewis, Ravens After spending most of her career in traditional print sports journalism, Cindy began blogging and tweeting, first as NFL/Redskins editor, and, since August 2010, at The Early Lead. She also is the social media editor for Sports.   Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet SECTION: {section=sports, subsection=null}!!! INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=bg52e9xhqr, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!! UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!! FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=bg52e9xhqr, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!! customFields- published 1359981439/1359981439000/1359981439 tracking: {authors=Cindy Boren, blog_name=early-lead, content_category=Sports, in_url_headline=super-bowl-blackout-blame-it-on-beyonce, post_id=6810, section={section=sports, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: false published_date:Feb 4, 2013 12:37:19 PM close date: Feb 18, 2013 12:37:19 PM Comments SECTION: {section=sports, subsection=null}!!! INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=bg52e9xhqr, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!! UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!! FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=bg52e9xhqr, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!! customFields- published 1359981439/1359981439000/1359981439 tracking: {authors=Cindy Boren, blog_name=early-lead, content_category=Sports, in_url_headline=super-bowl-blackout-blame-it-on-beyonce, post_id=6810, section={section=sports, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: false published_date:Feb 4, 2013 12:37:19 PM close date: Feb 18, 2013 12:37:19 PM Show Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read Sports 1 WWE superstar Randy Orton decided to take a selfie after getting pulled over by the cops 2 Gruden happy with Griffin's physical and mental health entering camp 3 Should the Nationals make a trade to replace Ryan Zimmerman? 4 Aaron Barrett explains his standoff with Brandon Barnes 5 For Redskins Coach Jay Gruden, job one is improving Robert Griffin III washingtonpost.com © 1996-2014 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Next Story Super Bowl 2013: Michael Phelps cheers on Ray Lewis, Ravens Cindy Boren | February 4, 2013
http://www.nola.com/superbowl/index.ssf/2013/02/super_bowl_2013_fans_officials.html
NOLA.com The Times-Picayune Greater New Orleans Baton Rouge Greater New Orleans Menu Home Set Your Edition Greater New Orleans News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Eat, Drink, Cook Living Participate Connect Video Photos FIND&SAVE Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Local Businesses Site Index Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Crime & Courts Politics Education Health & Health Care Environment Opinions Traffic, Fires & Accidents Weather Hurricane Central Science News by Parish National News Photos Contact a News Reporter Back to Main Menu Real Estate Transfers Back to Main Menu Saints home LSU home SEC Sports Pelicans home Recruiting Tulane Outdoors Running Horse Racing UNO Golf Zephyrs Southern University NCAA Photos Scoreboards National News Contact a Sports Reporter Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Music Louisiana Festivals home Movies TV Photos Parties/Society Celebs Arts/Stage Mardi Gras Contact an Entertainment Reporter Back to Main Menu Home and Garden Real Estate Transfers Comics Puzzles Community News Photos Pets & Animals Fashion/Wish Travel Horoscopes Back to Main Menu Photo Contests Your Photos Your Videos Live on NOLA Webcams Forums Talk Saints Talk LSU Talk Pelicans Talk Food & Dining Talk Outdoors Contests Back to Main Menu Subscribe Create a Profile eReplica Contact a Reporter Newsletters Text Alerts RSS Feeds Mobile Apps About Us Back to Main Menu News Video Sports Video Entertainment Video Popular Videos Your Videos Contact a Photographer Back to Main Menu News Photos Sports Photos Entertainment Photos Featured Galleries Your Photos Contact a Photographer Back to Main Menu Local Grocery Ads Special Sections Local Ads Lagniappe Back to Main Menu High School Sports Home Football Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Baseball Softball Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Gymnastics Girls Gymnastics Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Off Season Sports Back to High School Sports Menu Girls Volleyball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Wrestling Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Weightlifting Girls Weightlifting Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Times-Picayune Newsletters Text Alerts RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Baton Rouge Greater New Orleans Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location (Enter City and State or Zip Code) Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search NOLA.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NOLA.com Remember me Forgot your username and password? Don't have an account? Register now for free, or sign in with any of these services: You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Favorite Schools expand Favorite Teams close Subscribe The Times-Picayune Newsletters Text Alerts RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Greater New Orleans Change Region comments Officials blame Super Bowl 2013 blackout on 'abnormality' in system Super Bowl 2013 blackout View the Slideshow >> (Gallery by Brett Duke, Nola.com | The Times-Picayune) Print Richard Rainey, NOLA.com | The Times-Picayune By Richard Rainey, NOLA.com | The Times-Picayune The Times-Picayune Email the author | Follow on Twitter on February 03, 2013 at 11:48 PM, updated February 04, 2013 at 12:59 AM View/Post Comments For half an hour, the Mercedes-Benz Superdome was bathed in auxiliary lights after a power outage cast a shadow on Super Bowl 2013 and New Orleans' otherwise flawless performance as host city of the NFL's big game. The second half of the game between the San Francisco 49ers and the Baltimore Ravens had just gotten under way when a static boom sounded from the speaker system and the lights went out. The game resumed once power was restored 34 minutes later. "We sincerely apologize for the incident," said Superdome spokesman Eric Eagan. The cause of the outage and what it might do to the city's bid for the Super Bowl in 2018 were the lasting uncertainties after the game. Entergy and SMG, the management company of the Mercedes-Benz Superdome, issued a statement late Sunday explaining the power loss: "Shortly after the beginning of the second half of the Super Bowl in the Mercedes-Benz Superdome, a piece of equipment that is designed to monitor electrical load sensed an abnormality in the system. Once the issue was detected, the sensing equipment operated as designed and opened a breaker, causing power to be partially cut to the Superdome in order to isolate the issue. "Backup generators kicked in immediately as designed. Entergy and SMG subsequently coordinated start up procedures, ensuring that full power was safely restored to the Superdome. "The fault-sensing equipment activated where the Superdome equipment intersects with Entergy’s feed into the facility. "There were no additional issues detected. "Entergy and SMG will continue to investigate the root cause of the abnormality."Minutes of the 2012 meetings of the Louisiana Stadium and Exposition District, the public authority that owns the Dome, show multiple references to electrical work in the latter part of the year, underscoring the urgency to complete last-minute electrical work in advance of the Super Bowl. But it's not clear whether there's a connection between the emergency work and Sunday's blackout. The September minutes, for instance, have a reference to Entergy's work "to upgrade electrical services at the Superdome," work that "must be completed before the Super Bowl." At that meeting, the board approved spending up to $700,000 to replace parallel electrical power feeds. And the October minutes show that the LSED "authorized and approved" classifying as emergency work the "secondary electrical feeder line project," which presumably excluded the job from some public bid laws. In November, the board received a report from construction manager Pat Tobler on "the planning and execution of the Superdome shutdown to accomplish the replacement of electrical feeder lines from Entergy to the Superdome."  At that same meeting, Doug Thornton of SMG, updated the board on "the replacement of the electrical feeders that connect the Superdome to the Entergy power vault." The plan was to have "100 percent redundancy," Thornton explained, adding that that would necessitate "the shutdown of the Superdome for at least two days starting Dec. 16." The board, meanwhile, approved spending $513,250 on what the minutes referred to as the "Emergency Feeder Repair Project." The LSED's December minutes are not available, but the agenda for that meeting shows the board was to consider approval of a motion to spend up to $946,500 on an "upgraded feeder cable system" and other items.  Thornton did not return calls seeking comment Sunday night. Nor did Ron Forman, head of the LSED's board of directors. New Orleans Mayor Mitch Landrieu called for a full review of what happened. "The power outage was an unfortunate moment in what has been an otherwise shining Super Bowl week for the City of New Orleans," Landrieu said. "For us, the Super Bowl isn't over until the last visitor leaves town, so we're focused on continuing to show our visitors a good time." “It’s really a shame,” City Council President Stacy Head said when reached by phone Sunday night. “Everything (else) has gone off without a hitch.” Head remained optimistic the outage wouldn’t undermine New Orleans’ future Super Bowl bids. She also said she would rather sit through a temporary power outage than  watch a three-hour game in sub-freezing temperatures. “I would take this magical week and magical weekend over anything, even with one little glitch,” she said. Fans at the stadium reacted to the blackout in a variety of ways. Super Bowl media members angling for a shot of a darkened field at the Mercedes-Benz Superdome. In a dark concourse by Gate G, things were mostly calm. People bought nachos, sandwiches, beer and cocktails. They chatted and laughed with each other and used their phones, which provided a bizarre lighting pattern to the whole scene. Despite the calm atmosphere there, at least one very alarmed man appeared ready to bolt from the Superdome. He was muttering into his phone, “This is bad news. The girls already left. You should, too. You don’t want to be caught in here in case things get worse.” At the complete opposite end of the emotional spectrum was 49ers fan James Lee, who laughed when he was asked if the blackout frightened him. Lee alluded to a blackout at a game between the 49ers and the Pittsburgh Steelers in San Francisco in December 2011 and said, “That was no big deal. It was fine." Lee said he took advantage of the extra time to check his phone, use the bathroom, stretch his legs and get more beer. Other fans agreed that the momentary lapse in power did little to tarnish the game day energy. Indeed, for some, it was a welcome opportunity to hit the concession stands without missing any action. "It was definitely a surprise but there's no harm done," said Ike Savoy, 40. "We're happy to be here and even happier that we had time to grab a drink." But Ravens fan Elizabeth Spencer, visiting New Orleans from Los Angeles, said the blackout briefly made her think, "If there's something wrong and everybody starts running out, what am I going to do? She was disappointed that it seemed to change the momentum of the football game away from her team. "You prepare for this for how long?” Spencer asked, criticizing the event’s organizers. “You should be able to anticipate this kind of thing." Rhonda Bohac, visiting the Super Bowl from Houston and wearing her Texans jersey, said the power lapse will scar the memory of this championship game. "It'll come back when they talk about Super Bowl 47,” she said. “I think they'll bring that up." Celeste Pierce, who lives in Baton Rouge, frequently does business in New Orleans and normally roots for the Saints, said she was in the half of dome that went dark. People stayed calm, she said, but the sight reminded her of past disasters. "It's just unfortunate for the city because we really needed to have a good showing, 100 percent showing for this,” Pierce said. Pierce was with a friend, Dana Hursh, who was visiting from Ohio. Hursh said the outage prompted an immediate surge of messages to her phone asking if she was all right. "I don't think it's going to be good for the city for future Super Bowls,” Pierce said. Staff writers Ramon Antonio Vargas, Helen Freund, Gordon Russell, Richard Thompson and Mark Waller contributed to this report. View/Post Comments Related Stories Gang member admits to role in rapper Magnolia Shorty's slaying, prosecutors say Man shot at eastern New Orleans apartment complex Super Bowl 2014 © 2013 STATS LLC. All rights reserved. Video Photos See More Video » See More Photos » Active Discussions Most Read Best of NOLA.com Summer Movie Preview Ray Nagin trial, sentencing Latest on Essence Fest About Us About NOLA.com About NOLA Media Group Community Rules Content Partners Advertise with us Contact Us Connect with the Newsroom Blog for Us Submit a Correction The Times-Picayune Subscribe TP electronic edition eNewsletters Breaking news text alerts Report a wet or missing paper Make a payment, manage your account RSS Times-Picayune Store NOLA.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages New Orleans St. Bernard East Jefferson West Bank Northshore/St. Tammany Plaquemines River Parishes Baton Rouge Mobile Mobile Apps | Mobile FAQ More on NOLA.com MardiGras.com Forums Your Photos Your Video Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Site Map Webcams/Live! Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2014 NOLA Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of NOLA Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Contact interactivity management. Ad Choices
