http://herocomplex.latimes.com/movies/oz-actress-mila-kunis-on-raimi-cgi-and-the-timeless-original/
Movies TV Comics Games Story Index Follow @latherocomplex ‘Phineas and Ferb’ creators talk Disney Channel ‘Star Wars’ film » Comic-Con: Guillermo del Toro takes fans into ‘Crimson Peak,’ ‘Pacific Rim’ » Image Expo: Warren Ellis, Kurt Busiek, Jeff Lemire conjure new titles » ‘Oz’ actress Mila Kunis on Raimi, CGI and the ‘timeless’ original March 07, 2013 | 2:44 p.m. Mila Kunis attends the world premiere of "Oz the Great and Powerful" in Hollywood on Feb. 13. (Robyn Beck / AFP / Getty Images) http://herocomplex.latimes.com/movies/oz-actress-mila-kunis-on-raimi-cgi-and-the-timeless-original/attachment/us-entertainment-premiere-oz-the-great-and-powerful/ 1 Link Mila Kunis and James Franco in a scene from "Oz the Great and Powerful." (Disney Enterprises) http://herocomplex.latimes.com/movies/oz-actress-mila-kunis-on-raimi-cgi-and-the-timeless-original/attachment/la_ca_0104_oz-13/ 2 Link In "Oz the Great and Powerful," James Franco plays Oscar Diggs, the would-be wizard, and Mila Kunis plays the witch Theodora. (Disney Enterprises) http://herocomplex.latimes.com/movies/oz-actress-mila-kunis-on-raimi-cgi-and-the-timeless-original/attachment/oz-3/ 3 Link James Franco and Mila Kunis in a scene from "Oz the Great and Powerful." (Disney Enterprises) http://herocomplex.latimes.com/movies/oz-actress-mila-kunis-on-raimi-cgi-and-the-timeless-original/attachment/la_ca_0104_oz-12/ 4 Link A scene from "Oz the Great and Powerful." (Disney Enterprises) http://herocomplex.latimes.com/movies/oz-actress-mila-kunis-on-raimi-cgi-and-the-timeless-original/attachment/oz-4/ 5 Link James Franco and Mila Kunis in a scene from "Oz the Great and Powerful." (Disney Enterprises) http://herocomplex.latimes.com/movies/oz-actress-mila-kunis-on-raimi-cgi-and-the-timeless-original/attachment/la_ca_0102_oz_the_great_and_powerful-16/ 6 Link Rachel Weisz, left, and Mila Kunis in a scene from "Oz the Great and Powerful." (Disney Enterprises) http://herocomplex.latimes.com/movies/oz-actress-mila-kunis-on-raimi-cgi-and-the-timeless-original/attachment/la_ca_0102_oz_the_great_and_powerful-17/ 7 Link Mila Kunis and James Franco in a scene from "Oz the Great and Powerful." (Merie Weismiller Wallace / Disney Enterprises) http://herocomplex.latimes.com/movies/oz-actress-mila-kunis-on-raimi-cgi-and-the-timeless-original/attachment/la_ca_0226_oz-2/ 8 Link James Franco and Mila Kunis on the set of "Oz the Great and Powerful." (Merie Weismiller Wallace / Disney Enterprises) http://herocomplex.latimes.com/movies/oz-actress-mila-kunis-on-raimi-cgi-and-the-timeless-original/attachment/la_ca_0226_oz/ 9 Link Mila Kunis arrives at the world premiere of "Oz the Great and Powerful" in Hollywood on Feb. 13. (John Shearer / Associated Press) http://herocomplex.latimes.com/movies/oz-actress-mila-kunis-on-raimi-cgi-and-the-timeless-original/attachment/mila-kunis/ 10 Link James Franco, Mila Kunis, Michelle Williams and Rachel Weisz at the world premiere of "Oz the Great and Powerful" in Hollywood on Feb. 13. (John Shearer / Associated Press) http://herocomplex.latimes.com/movies/oz-actress-mila-kunis-on-raimi-cgi-and-the-timeless-original/attachment/james-franco-mila-kunis-michelle-williams-rachel-weisz/ 11 Link Mila Kunis poses on the Yellow Brick Road at the world premiere of "Oz the Great and Powerful" in Hollywood on Feb. 13. (Jordan Strauss / Associated Press) http://herocomplex.latimes.com/movies/oz-actress-mila-kunis-on-raimi-cgi-and-the-timeless-original/attachment/mila-kunis-2/ 12 Link Rachel Weisz, Mila Kunis and Michelle Williams at the world premiere of "Oz the Great and Powerful" in Hollywood on Feb. 13, 2013. (John Shearer / Associated Press) http://herocomplex.latimes.com/movies/oz-actress-mila-kunis-on-raimi-cgi-and-the-timeless-original/attachment/rachel-weisz-mila-kunis-michelle-williams/ 13 Link Mila Kunis attends the British premiere of "Oz the Great and Powerful" on Feb. 28. (Ian Gavan / Getty Images) http://herocomplex.latimes.com/movies/oz-actress-mila-kunis-on-raimi-cgi-and-the-timeless-original/attachment/oz-the-great-and-powerful-uk-premiere-red-carpet-arrivals/ 14 Link Sam Raimi’s “Oz the Great and Powerful” gives each of the Ozian ladies her turn in the spotlight. Benevolent witch Glinda (Michelle Williams) floats in her bubble and rules over the Munchkins, Quadlings and Tinkers. Silver-tongued Evanora (Rachel Weisz) orchestrates the running of the Emerald City. And Theodora, portrayed by Mila Kunis, is a naive young woman who finds herself lovestruck by mysterious stranger Oscar “Oz” Diggs (James Franco). For Kunis, the role represented a chance to once again act with Franco, one of her “dearest, closest friends,” she said, and to work with Raimi — a director she has long admired. “Sam is the most collaborative director I’ve ever worked with,” she said. “He wears a suit every day to work out of respect to the crew …. He is willing to hear other people’s opinions, and he doesn’t come in with an ego or self-righteousness.” The visually opulent film was a massive production — a new experience for Kunis, who had “never done anything of this size or magnitude,” she said. That’s not to say she’s inexperienced. The 29-year-old Ukraine-born actress has been acting since she was a child. Kunis made a name for herself playing shallow cheerleader Jackie Burkhart on “That ’70s Show” — a role she landed at age 14. Soon after she began voicing Meg Griffin on “Family Guy,” then she turned heads in 2008 when she played the love interest in “Forgetting Sarah Marshall.” Kunis’ performance opposite Natalie Portman in Darren Aronofsky’s 2010 art-house hit “Black Swan” earned her supporting actress nominations for Golden Globe and Screen Actors Guild awards. Hero Complex caught up with Kunis for five questions about “Oz the Great and Powerful,” which opens in theaters this weekend. Beware: Spoilers lie ahead. HC: Theodora becomes such a larger-than-life character. Did you feel a lot of pressure? MK: I didn’t necessarily feel pressure because it was a larger-than-life character. I felt pressure because the character’s end result is such an iconic image [as the Wicked Witch of the West]. I definitely would not have done the movie if it was a remake or an interpretation of the original, and it’s neither of those things. So you know, the character is given a story of turning the way that she turned. It’s the first chapter of what people come to know as “The Wizard of Oz,” so that gave me some security, knowing that it wasn’t the same character; it was the beginning of that character. So it kind of allowed me somewhere to go, knowing the end result. Margaret Hamilton plays the Wicked Witch of the West in 1939’s “The Wizard of Oz.” (Warner Bros.) HC: What was it like playing both a good guy and a villain? MK: I think that most characters, if they’re lucky, you get to play a character with an arc. And it just so happened that my character had an emotional and a physical transformation, which very rarely happens. There are many times where you have an emotional transformation with the character, whether it’s minimal or over the top. And in such a fantastical film, you end up having a physical that mirrors the emotional, which is just a plus because you get to play around more. HC: Was acting through all that the green makeup a challenge? MK: My green’s not CGI, my green is prosthetic …. It takes a couple of hours to put on, but actually it helps, not hinders. It lets your inhibitions go, and you don’t really concern yourself with what you look like. And you kind of have fun with this character. And I think some of these movies where makeup and hair and wardrobe actually plays such a large part in the way each character holds themselves .… I think it only helps performances, I don’t think it hindered them in this case. HC: How much of your work was CGI versus sets? Did you actually get to walk down the Yellow Brick Road? MK: They were all sets. It was great. We were very lucky. We had eight stages full of sets. We had Glinda’s Castle, we had Emerald City, we had Whimsy Woods, we had the cemetery, we had the waterfalls, we had the Yellow Brick Road. Everything that you saw that was green-screened was everything in the background. Everything in the foreground was all real. HC: Why do you think “Oz” is such an enduring story? MK: I think it’s just a timeless showcase of humans’ desire to want to better themselves. I think every character in all the books have faults that they try to work through and work on, and many times they want a magical fix for whatever fault or whatever insecurity each character possesses, and ultimately, there’s a life lesson of there’s no magic solution to these things. And set in such a beautiful, fantastical world, it becomes such a timeless image. – Noelene Clark Twitter.com/@NoeleneClark RECENT AND RELATED ‘Oz’: Robert Stromberg on Raimi, Burton, Baum 113 years in the land of Oz: A look back Danny Elfman talks sweeping ‘Oz’ score ‘Oz’: Mila Kunis and Rachel Weisz catch fire 13 must-see movies in 2013 ‘Evil Dead’: Raimi says director right for the job Sam Raimi drags his star through hell ‘Jack the Giant Slayer’ snuffed out at box office ‘Hobbit 3’ release pushed to Dec. 17, 2014 ‘TMNT’ remake ends Megan Fox-Michael Bay feud More in: Movies, Mila Kunis, Noelene Clark, Oz: The Great and Powerful Comments Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website Comment You may use these HTML tags and attributes: <a href="" title="" rel=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <pre> <q cite=""> <strike> <strong> Notify me of follow-up comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. « PREVIOUS POST | NEXT POST » E-mail Print Read Later Latest TV Comic-Con 2014: Cumberbatch, Radcliffe sightings and more in San Diego » Comics Image Expo: Warren Ellis, Kurt Busiek, Jeff Lemire conjure new titles » Games Mobile games keep it simple and smart » advertisement Search for: Featured Topics Animation Batman Comic-Con Dark Horse DC Disney Doctor Who Game of Thrones Lord of the Rings manga Marvel Spider-Man Star Wars Star Trek Superman Transformers X-Men zombies @LATHerocomplex ICYMI: @ImageComics announces ambitious slate from @warrenellis, @KurtBusiek, @JeffLemire, @beckycloonan and more lat.ms/1pf9CmW 1 hour ago ‘Phineas and Ferb’ creators talk Disney Channel ‘Star Wars’ film lat.ms/1nkLu2S 2 hours ago A moment of solitude amid madding crowd at #SDCC? It's what Guillermo del Toro wants 'Crimson Peak' gallery to offer lat.ms/UvhAgo 2 hours ago Comic-Con 2014: Outcry, action against harassment grows lat.ms/1nk5OBl 5 hours ago Image Expo: Warren Ellis, Kurt Busiek, Jeff Lemire conjure new titles lat.ms/1raqM4O 14 hours ago Follow @latherocomplex Back Issues Select Month July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 Who’s Behind the Mask? Our legion of super contributors is led by Hero Complex editor Gina McIntyre and Noelene Clark, and it includes writers Patrick Kevin Day, Blake Hennon, Rebecca Keegan, Susan King, Todd Martens and Jevon Phillips. advertisement Horoscopes LATMG Media Kit LAT Events About Us Site Map Contact Us | Help Burbank Leader | Coastline Pilot | Daily Pilot | Huntington Beach Independent | News Press | Valley Sun | KTLA | Hoy | Baltimore Sun | Chicago Tribune | Daily Press | Hartford Courant | Los Angeles Times | Orlando Sentinel | Sun Sentinel | The Morning Call Terms of Service | Privacy Policy, Updated 10/19/11 | Los Angeles Times, 202 West 1st Street, Los Angeles, California, 90012 | Copyright 2014 A Tribune Newspaper website Close E-mail E-mail It To Addresses (up to 5): Your Name: Your Address:
http://movies.inquirer.net/8401/mila-kunis-plays-innocent-witch-theodora-in-oz-the-great-and-powerful
News Sports Lifestyle Entertainment Technology Opinion Global Nation SERVICES Sitemap Mobile Rss Wireless Archive Movies Contact Us Advertise Newsletter THE INQUIRER COMPANY About Inquirer.net About the Inquirer User Agreement Link Policy Privacy Policy Article Index 07 24 2014 NEWS REVIEWS TRAILERS & CLIPS MOVIE SCHED Jul 18 FEATURE Duplicity: Jake Gyllenhaal on creating the characters Adam and Anthony in enemy What would you do if you discover someone who looks exactly like you?.. FULL STORY Jul 17 FEATURE Director Brett Ratner makes-over “Hercules” for new audiences The immortal legend of “Hercules” — the demigod renowned for his mighty deeds and valor – gets a high-adrenaline 21st.. FULL STORY Jul 16 FEATURE Voice cast for “Big Hero 6” announced Walt Disney Animation Studios officially announced the voice cast behind the new action-packed comedy-adventure “Big Hero 6,” including Damon Wayans.. FULL STORY Jul 16 FEATURE “Sex Tape” – A movie about a movie they don’t want you to see “Annie and Jay are a married couple who are ten years down the road. They have two kids and they.. FULL STORY SEE ALL FEATURED MOVIES >> STAY CONNECTED Ads by Google '+google_ads[i].line1+' '+google_ads[i].line2+' '+google_ads[i].line3+' ';}}document.write(s);return;} Mila Kunis plays innocent witch Theodora in “Oz the Great and Powerful” Fresh from her acclaimed turn in “Black Swan,” Mila Kunis now plays the beautiful, innocent witch Theodora, who is easily manipulated by both her powerful sister Evanora (Rachel Weisz) and the ever-so-charming Oscar (James Franco) in Walt Disney Pictures’ 3D fantasy adventure “Oz the Great and Powerful.” “Theodora is a good witch when we first meet her,” notes director Sam Raimi about the character. “When Oscar first gets to the Land of Oz, he meets her and is smitten by her beauty. She is innocent and has the good will of the people at heart, then is easily manipulated by James’ character. At this point, Oscar is a great manipulator and a selfish flirt. He woos and romances her, then leaves her be and breaks her heart.” “Theodora is a really nice, sweet, naive witch who truly wants to bring peace to the land,” Kunis elaborates. “She is a girl who desperately wants to believe in good and believe in the betterment of society, the betterment of the people and betterment of the world. She is also in so much denial of the bad that she doesn’t even think it exists. “There’s a prophecy that the previous king predicted on his deathbed saying that this man would come and save the Land of Oz,” the actress details further about her character.  “She sees this balloon drop from the sky and on the balloon it says ‘The Great and Powerful Oz’.  Without a doubt in her mind, she believes that this is the great and powerful wizard that is coming to save the Land of Oz from the Wicked Witch.” “When first writing the character of Theodora, I wanted her to be between Glinda and Evanora while being pulled by both sides,” screenwriter Mitchell Kapner relates.  “When we first meet her, she loves her older sister, but she is also fond of goodness, which Glinda represents. “Theodora is someone who’s innocent in a way,” Kapner continues in describing the character and how he developed her backstory that is not in the Baum books. “There is a line where she says ‘no one’s ever asked me to dance before.’  She is very innocent and protected in a lot of ways.” “Theodora’s my younger sister who’s good, but also has a streak of wickedness in her because she’s my sister,” Weisz chimes in about the dynamic of the character. “I try to seduce her over to the dark side through different events, which I manipulate because I need her on my side.  If I can get Theodora on my side, it would be two against one and I could then beat Glinda, the Good Witch.” In choosing Kunis for the signature role, Raimi explains that he saw her in two very different films that cemented his decision to cast her in the role of Theodora. “I saw Mila Kunis in ‘Forgetting Sarah Marshall’ and she was very sweet. She’s adorable and really funny with a great sense of humor. I knew when I saw that picture that she was a great actress who could play the innocent side of Theodora. When I saw the brilliant movie ‘Black Swan,’ I also saw the darker side of her, a streak of ‘witchiness’ that represented the other side of what I  needed for the portrayal of Theodora. So, between those two performances, she showed me that she had everything that she needed for this part.” Kunis admits that she had some trepidation when she was approached about the role. “I mean it was Sam Raimi first and ‘Oz The Great and Powerful’ in the same sentence.  It wasn’t so much intriguing as it was frightening to me, and that’s the truth.” Despite her reservations, Kunis decided to take a meeting with director Sam Raimi. “I went to meet Sam and what was supposed to be a thirty-minute meet ended up being like four hours long. We broke down the character and the script and grounded everything in reality, which was incredibly comforting to me.” Kunis adds, “What I think intrigued me about it was the unknown. I’ve never done anything remotely close to this. In saying that, you have to challenge yourself, and I felt safe in the challenge because I was surrounded by people whom I respected so much—Sam first and foremost.” Opening across the Philippines on Thursday, March 7 in IMAX 3D, Digital 3D and regular theaters, “Oz The Great and Powerful” is distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures International through Columbia Pictures.       Complete stories on our Digital Edition newsstand for tablets, netbooks and mobile phones; 14-issue free trial. About to step out? Get breaking alerts on your mobile.phone. Text ON INQ BREAKING to 4467, for Globe, Smart and Sun subscribers in the Philippines. Short URL: http://movies.inquirer.net/?p=8401 Tags: 3D , James Franco , Mila Kunis , OZ THE GREAT AND POWERFUL , Rachel Weisz , Witch Theodora Ads by Google '+google_ads[i].line1+' '+google_ads[i].line2+' '+google_ads[i].line3+' ';}}document.write(s);return;} Disclaimer: The comments uploaded on this site do not necessarily represent or reflect the views of management and owner of INQUIRER.net. We reserve the right to exclude comments that we deem to be inconsistent with our editorial standards. Copyright 2014. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. To subscribe to the Philippine Daily Inquirer newspaper in the Philippines, call +63 2 896-6000 for Metro Manila and Metro Cebu or email your subscription request here. Factual errors? Contact the Philippine Daily Inquirer's day desk. Believe this article violates journalistic ethics? Contact the Inquirer's Reader's Advocate. Or write The Readers' Advocate: c/o Philippine Daily Inquirer Chino Roces Avenue corner Yague and Mascardo Streets, Makati City, Metro Manila, Philippines Or fax nos. +63 2 8974793 to 94 Advertisement OFFERS Coming Soon LINSANITY Six Friends Face the Apocalypse Together in “This Is The End” The Naughties are out to trick Smurfette in “The Smurfs 2” Seven New Posters for “Seventh Son” ‘Captain America: The Winter Soldier’ Now Showing @Robinsons MovieWorld “300: Rise of an Empire” grosses P67-M in 4 days, opens at no. 1 in PH KRISTEN WIIG INSPIRES IN “THE SECRET LIFE OF WALTER MITTY” Horror Master Director James Wan Prepares “The Conjuring” “Man Of Steel” director thanks PH in video “ Man of Steel” soars to the top of PH box office with P247-M in 5 days Most Anticipated Movies Mamang sorbetero meets ‘Star Wars’ characters ‘The wolverine’ after-credits scene revealed TURBO 3D First look: New Trailer of ‘Jack the giant slayer’ First-look: ‘Iron Man 3’ teaser trailer Advertisement Duplicity: Jake Gyllenhaal on creating the characters Adam and Anthony in enemy Read More Director Brett Ratner makes-over “Hercules” for new audiences Read More Voice cast for “Big Hero 6” announced Read More “Sex Tape” – A movie about a movie they don’t want you to see Read More Disney casts newcomer for Mowgli role in “The Jungle Book” Read More “The Walking Dead’s” Sarah Wayne Callies heads “Into the Storm” Read More Morgan Freeman, an expert on the human brain in “Lucy” Read More ‘Tarzan’ swings into action as filming begins on new 3D adventure Read More Dwayne Johnson feels he’s born to play “Hercules” Read More Soccer fever hits high with “Foosball” teaser trailer release Read More The lethal adversaries of “Guardians of the Galaxy” Read More High-flying heroes save the day in “Planes: Fire & Rescue” Read More NEWS REVIEWS TRAILERS & CLIPS MOVIE SCHED THE INQUIRER CHANNELS News Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Business Opinion Global Nation SERVICES Sitemap Mobile RSS Wireless Archive Corrections Syndication Contact Us Advertise Buy Content Newsletter THE INQUIRER COMPANY About INQUIRER.net About the Inquirer User Agreement Link Policy Privacy Policy Article Index PARTNERS FOLLOW US SEARCH WITH GOOGLE © Copyright 1997-2012 INQUIRER.net | All Rights Reserved
http://www.forbes.com/sites/erikkain/2013/03/08/oz-the-great-and-powerful-review-one-too-many-witches-one-too-many-love-triangles/
Log in with your social account: Or, you can log in or sign up using Forbes. New Posts +4 posts this hour Most Popular Highest-Paid Athletes Lists Richest Families In U.S. Video Richest Families Introducing: Forbes Investing Newsletters Help | Connect | Sign up | Log in Erik Kain, Contributor I write about video games: the industry and the culture. Follow Following Unfollow Games | 3/08/2013 @ 10:21PM |45,112 views 'Oz The Great And Powerful' Review: One Too Many Witches, One Too Many Love Triangles 30 comments, 14 called-out Comment Now Follow Comments Following Comments Unfollow Comments Comment Now Follow Comments Following Comments Unfollow Comments Wizard of Oz prequel ‘Oz the Great and Powerful’ has one too many witches for its own good. [As usual, this review is full of spoilers.] There’s actually a great deal more magic and a great deal more heart in Oz the Great and Powerful than I expected. This story of a con-man carnival magician and his unlikely band of accomplices out to save the land of Oz had many pleasant surprises, but none more so than the way it managed to bring a smile to my face. I’ll be honest: I was expecting another Alice in Wonderland disappointment. Fortunately, where Tim Burton failed to create characters I could care about in his adaptation of Alice, Sam Raimi’s Oz prequel is another story altogether. The porcelain girl, the flying monkey bellhop, the munchkin herald—these are no replacements for the Scarecrow or the Tin Man, but they’re still a lovable bunch. The problem with Oz is neither its wizard—I’m no tremendous fan of James Franco, but he holds his own—nor the supporting cast. In fact, while the film is often more spectacle than substance, even its use of CGI and 3D were mostly tasteful, with some of the best use of 3D effects I’ve seen since Avatar. Which Witch is Which? No, the real problem with Oz the Great and Powerful is that it has one too many witches. Three may seem a natural number when it comes to witches, of course. Think Macbeth, or the Graeae of Greek myth, or Orddu, Orwen and Orgoch of Lloyd Alexander’s Prydain fiction. Three is a good number when it comes to witches, three times out of four. Just not, it turns out, in this particular movie. In Oz the Great and Powerful we have Theodora, Evanora, and Glinda. Theodora (Mila Kunis) is a young, naive thing, susceptible to love, bouts of fury, and her sister’s manipulations. She falls instantly and unconvincingly in love with the wizard, Oz, who also happens to be a terrible rake and lady’s man. Then there’s Evanora, Theodora’s older sister. Evanora (Rachel Weisz) is the manipulator, the real wicked witch, and—as far as I’m concerned—easily the best character in the whole film. Weisz plays the villain convincingly, with enough menace and restraint to pull it off. Finally, there’s Glinda the Good, replete with her flying bubbles. Glinda (Michelle Williams) is first encountered, for reasons not entirely clear, in a dark and spooky graveyard at the back end of the dark forest. Evanora has sent Oz and co. to kill her, claiming she’s the wicked witch responsible for the death of the old king. So we have our witches three, and here is where things go sour. Glinda is an entirely unremarkable character, but I can forgive that. In the wider plot, we can afford a bland princess-witch. It’s Theodora, and Mila Kunis, and the oh-so-very forced writing and plot devices that bulwark her motivations that are the real Achilles Heel of Oz. Great and Powerful Love Triangle of Oz You see, Theodora not only falls extremely quickly for Oz, she turns against him the moment she feels at all spurned. We’re to believe that it’s Evanora’s doing that turns her love to a burning, hate-filled rage, but it’s not even the tiniest bit convincing. One cursed apple later, and she’s become a green hag with a penchant for maniacal cackling. And no, that’s not the tiniest bit convincing either. I was actually really enjoying the film right up until this moment. I enjoyed that Oz was such a fraud. I liked that we began in Kansas, in black and white, that we rode the hot-air balloon to the colorful land of Oz. I liked the visuals there, the humor, the beginnings of some character development. And then suddenly, horribly, we’re asked to swallow this great big heaping spoonful of implausibility. Mila Kunis doesn’t pull it off. She’s not wicked enough to be the Wicked Witch, and she moves too quickly from innocent and heartbroken to vengeful and insane. We can blame magic, but even in a movie about magic, blaming it’s still a cop-out. And that’s what this really feels like: a cop-out on the part of the people tasked with telling this story. I can’t even fault Kunis too much, because she had to work with a character whose motivations were paper thin in a love-triangle-gone-bad romance that is at once preposterous and trite. It’s all a huge distraction from what could have been, and should have been, a terrific adventure. Meanwhile, at every turn, Theodora is upstaged by her sister Evanora. This is true of Kunis as well, who simply pales in comparison to Rachel Weisz’s wicked performance. It doesn’t take long to realize that this film has one too many witches, one too many villains, and one too many leading ladies. In the end, the conflict is diluted both by the contrived romance and falling out, and by the fact that the Wicked Witch of the West, in all her bad green make-up, is a really disappointing villain standing awkwardly in the shadow of her big sister. The witch we’ve feared since childhood, since 1939 for that matter, is transformed into a petty scorned lover with a bad laugh. Her green face is only frightening because of how silly it looks. Her broom is no longer a trapping of her wicked witchiness, it’s a one-liner directed at her boyfriend of…well, one whole day. Not Wicked Enough, Not Oz What could have been a wonderful romp through Oz, pitting our heroes (and our not-so-heroic carnival magician) against one very evil Evanora, ends up as a soap opera, and not a very good one. The film’s final act—a con job that segues brilliantly into The Wizard of Oz—can only be enjoyed half as much as we’d like. All that disappointment from Act 2 carries right on over, and I for one was still too annoyed by what came previously to enjoy myself as much as I would have liked. Perhaps a part of me was simply expecting too much. Some years ago I read the book Wicked, and have since seen its musical adaptation. The musical is fantastic, but the book is much better still. While Oz tells the origin story of the wizard, Wicked tells the origin story of the wicked witch. It’s a much more compelling story with a far more intriguing protagonist in Elphaba (the Wicked Witch.) While Wicked is in many ways a subversion of the Oz tales, it still felt truer to the spirit of those books than Oz the Great and Powerful. Maybe it’s a little unfair to compare the two, but it’s also inevitable, much as it’s inevitable that we’ll compare this one to the classic. While Oz is a fun movie for the most part, it’s not going to stick with me. It’s not a movie I’ll likely care to see again, nor a classic filled with classic characters that will stick in my memory like old friends. I’m certainly glad I saw it on the big screen, and I think it’s an enjoyable enough film for kids and parents alike. But it has one witch too many, and a script that’s arrogant enough to make Oz about love triangles rather than tap into the adventurous spirit of L. Frank Baum’s many books. It does so inexplicably, heedless of how badly this damages one of our most beloved big-screen villains in the process. With all the great source material Raimi and screenwriters Mitchell Kapner and David Lindsay-Abaire had to work with, there’s really no excuse. Sadly, however harsh this review may seem, I probably enjoyed more of the film than not. I had a grin on my face a great deal of the time. It’s this realization, that here was a film I could almost really love—but not quite—that let me down the most. Follow me on Twitter or Facebook. Read my Forbes blog here. 30 comments, 14 called-out Comment Now Follow Comments Following Comments Unfollow Comments Comment Now Follow Comments Following Comments Unfollow Comments Print Report Corrections Reprints & Permissions Post Your Comment Cancel reply Post Your Reply Please log in or sign up to comment. Enter Your Comment Submit Comment Forbes writers have the ability to call out member comments they find particularly interesting. Called-out comments are highlighted across the Forbes network. You'll be notified if your comment is called out. Comments Called-Out Expand All Comments Follow Comments Following Comments Unfollow Comments adamtm 1 year ago Sounds like The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus all over again, maybe less confusing. Permalink Flag Reply Erik Kain , Contributor 1 year ago Ah yes, that movie was just horrible though. And far more confusing. I enjoyed Oz more. Permalink Flag Reply Joshua Kasten 1 year ago I won’t deride your opinion, but did you really feel the need to spoil the entire movie without so much as a basic spoiler warning? Permalink Flag Reply Erik Kain , Contributor 1 year ago Ah, sorry, added the spoiler tag. All my reviews have spoilers, but this time I forgot to add the tag. Permalink Flag Reply Joshua Kasten 1 year ago I think I only noticed this time because I usually either already know or don’t care enough to worry. Also because while there are lots of reviews that will spoil large sections of a movie, this is largely a discussion about what appears to be the movies central twist–which most reviews usually don’t. I guess if the point of a review is to help someone decide if they want to watch a movie, why spoil the heart of it? That’s more like an analysis at that point. Permalink Flag Reply Erik Kain , Contributor 1 year ago Fair point, but that’s just what I do: analysis, criticism, not really “review.” Anyways, it’s really not much of a twist. Sorry, though, again. Permalink Flag Reply Trey Franks 1 year ago I can’t help but think of Wicked and how it does not correlate. Permalink Flag Reply Tracey Jones Faulkner 1 year ago Even before reading your review I had walked out of this movie right about at the point you mentioned (where Theodora smashes the mirror.) It was all too contrived and, as you say, unbelievable. Although the cinematography was gorgeous, and on the whole the acting wasn’t bad, I was in the end very disappointed. Permalink Flag Reply Patty Dixon 1 year ago Just got back from a screening and agree with your review. There was, indeed, one witch too many. But, more so, this movie just has no heart. It was loud and extremely colorful and BIG but who cares. None of the characters did it for me. It felt empty. Where is Margaret Hamilton when you need her? Permalink Flag Reply Amanda Torres 1 year ago Wicked is a WHOLE different story. This movie is about the ACTUAL Wizard of Oz books. There is like 50 so books to the series. This movie covers the first 14 books. Just like the 1939 The Wizard of Oz goes on the story of how Dorothy is brought in. Dont assume this is at all about Wicked. This is the Story of how the Wicked Witch of the West and he sister, the Wicked Witch of the East become who they truly are. Like Dorothy dropping a house on Evanora, and melts Theodora with water. Trust me, I did my research :] Permalink Flag Reply Erik Kain , Contributor 1 year ago Amanda, this isn’t true. Baum’s books number 14 (some of which were published posthumously.) Other writers wrote non-canonical additions to the series. Not one of these, either canon (Baum) or non-canon are even remotely like anything in this movie. Here’s a list of the books: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Oz_books I’ve read most of Baum’s. This movie is an entirely new imagined prequel based off the *ideas* in the books, but not based on any of the actual events. So while it may attempt to tie in real characters and events, it is its very own fiction. If you “did your own research” you had better show it. Permalink Flag Reply Rod Sullivan 1 year ago Some people, particularly those in the MSM, are simply incapable enjoying themselves for fear of offending the rigid doctrine of political correctness. This reviewer’s criticism of Oz is that Theodora, who starts out good and becomes the green Wicked Witch of the West, should never have fallen for Oz so quickly. After falling in love with him, she would never have flown into a jealous rage just because he allied himself with another woman, Glinda, the Good Witch of the North. In this reviewers eyes, the flaw in the movie is that Theodora’s heart is too tender and too easily broken. Listen, Erik, bubba, relax. The thought police are not going to come get you for not defending feminism. Some women do fall for con men and manipulators. When they discover they’ve been played with, they do become enraged– and rightfully so, and in their rage they can turn green with envy. So sit back, marvel at the spectacle, and forget about protecting the image of the tough hard-hearted and emotionless modern woman. There is room in the movies for all types of characters, not just politically correct ones. Permalink Flag Reply Carlos Castillo 1 year ago Or maybe it is just a badly written movie. Yeesh. Permalink Flag Reply   1 2   Follow Comments Following Comments Unfollow Comments Most Read on Forbes News People Places Companies + show more Erik Kain Contributor Follow Following Unfollow + show more I am a video game and technology reporter and critic covering the industry and gaming culture. I cover consumer rights, business communications, crowdfunding and video game news. You can follow me on Twitter or shoot me an email if you'd like me to review your game, gear, book, or if you have any questions or comments you'd like to chat about. Disclosure: Many of the video games I review were provided as free review copies. The author is a Forbes contributor. The opinions expressed are those of the writer. More from Erik Kain Follow Erik Kain on Twitter Follow Erik Kain on Facebook Erik Kain’s RSS Feed Erik Kain’s Profile Erik Kain’s Website Contact Erik Kain Inside Forbes Richest U.S. Families: Clans With Billion Dollar Fortunes FORBES' ranking of the richest families, pinning down 185 billion-dollar dynasties collectively worth $1.2 trillion. Downey Jr. Leads FORBES' List Of Top Earning Actors How To Blow $9 Billion: The Fallen Stroh Family see photos The World's 50 Most Valuable Sports Teams 2014 Real-Time Billionaires Forbes Business Investing Technology Entrepreneurs Op/Ed Leadership Lifestyle Lists Conferences Forbes Reinventing America Summit Forbes Women’s Summit Forbes 400 Philanthropy Summit Forbes Under 30 Summit Forbes CIO Summit Forbes CMO Summit Forbes Healthcare Summit Forbes Global CEO Conference Forbes and NAPFA Advisor iConference Education Forbes School of Business at Ashford University Newsletters Forbes Investor Special Situation Survey Forbes Dividend Investor Forbes Premium Income Report Investing Newsletters Products Forbes Identity Protection Forbes Newsfeeds Reprints & Permissions Company Info Advertise Forbes Press Room Forbes Careers Contact Us Sitemap Help 2 Free Issues Subscriber Services Gift Subscription Forbes China Forbes India Forbes Israel Forbes Mexico Forbes Middle East Forbes Poland Forbes Romania Forbes Russia Forbes Spain RealClear RealClear Politics RealClear Markets RealClear World RealClear Sports 2014 Forbes.com LLC   All Rights Reserved Terms and Conditions Privacy Statement Market Data by Morningstar AdChoices
http://hollywoodlife.com/2013/03/06/mila-kunis-oz-movie-makeup-red-carpet-interview/
Hollywood Life by Bonnie Fuller News & Gossip Style Beauty Pics More Breaking News Fashion Latest Fashion News: Blake Lively's Stunning Retro Beauty For 'Gucci Premiere' Perfume Jul 24 Click here to read more Read Article ► → 0 Selena Gomez Sizzles: 2 Sexy Dresses In 1 Night For Gala Jul 24 Click here to read more Read Article ► → 1 Rihanna's Denim Jacket: Try The Trend For Under $100 Jul 24 Click here to read more Read Article ► → 3 Latest Fashion Photos: Photos Coming soon. Beauty Latest Beauty News: Blake Lively's Stunning Retro Beauty For 'Gucci Premiere' Perfume Jul 24 Click here to read more Read Article ► → 0 Kesha Dyes Hair Blue — Ditches Lavender Locks Jul 24 Click here to read more Read Article ► → 1 Ariana Grande's Pretty Eyeshadow On 'Good Morning America' — How To Jul 24 Click here to read more Read Article ► → 1 Latest Beauty Photos: Photos Coming soon. HollyBaby Rihanna Justin & Selena Latest Justin & Selena News: Selena Gomez: Trying To Make Justin Bieber Jealous With New Man Jul 24 Click here to read more Read Article ► → 0 Karrueche Tran: Why She Stopped Chris Brown's 'Sex Punishment' Jul 24 Click here to read more Read Article ► → 3 Blake Lively's Stunning Retro Beauty For 'Gucci Premiere' Perfume Jul 24 Click here to read more Read Article ► → 0 Kelsey Grammer & Wife Kayte Welcome Baby Boy — Congrats Jul 24 Click here to read more Read Article ► → 0 'Sinister Six': Spider-Man Villain Spinoff Release Date Announced Jul 24 Click here to read more Read Article ► → 1 Naya Rivera's New Father-In-law In 'Shock' Over Ryan Dorsey Wedding Jul 24 Click here to read more Read Article ► → 0 'Teen Beach Movie 2′ — See First Pic Of Cast Together Jul 24 Click here to read more Read Article ► → 1 Kesha Dyes Hair Blue — Ditches Lavender Locks Jul 24 Click here to read more Read Article ► → 1 Frankie Grande Reads Emotional Letter About Grandfather's Death — Watch Jul 24 Click here to read more Read Article ► → 0 Bachelorette Kardashians 50 Shades Home Mila Kunis Oz: The Great And Powerful Mila Kunis Doesn't Like Lipstick On Red… Mila Kunis Doesn’t Like Lipstick On Red Carpets, Says Her Makeup Artist Wed, March 6, 2013 9:55am EDT by Dory Larrabee 2 Comments Photos From FameFlynet, Pacific Coast News, Courtesy of Walt Disney Pictures, Laura Mercier Mila looked stunning at the both the London and the Los Angeles premieres of ‘Oz: The Great And Powerful’ and now her makeup artist is telling HollywoodLife.com EXCLUSIVELY about how she created Mila’s sexy look and the inspiration behind it! Mila Kunis, 29, looked lovely in London at her movie’s premiere on Feb. 28 and now her makeup artist Tracey Levy is telling HollywoodLife.com exclusively that Mila is a “no lipstick kind of girl” and how she was surprised she rocked a red lip for Oz! HollywoodLife.com’s Excluisve Interview With Tracey Levy HL.com: How can HollywoodLifers get a perfect smoky eye like Mila? Tracey: Take Laura Mercier’s Caviar Stick Eye Colour and smudge it along the lashline toward the crease and you can have a perfect smoky eye. Take the same color to the bottom lashline and you are done! How long did it take to do her makeup for the London premiere? With hair, makeup and wardrobe she was ready in under an hour and a half. How did Mila’s look differ from the L.A. premiere? The L.A. Premiere was Classic Dolce Vita and London was Mysterious Romantic What was your inspiration for Mila’s makeup? The dress was so romantic that we just wanted to bring some modern sex appeal to the overall look. How interactive is Mila in choosing her makeup? Is it a collaborative process? I try to gage the mood of the look and interpret it for her. Mila Kunis Takes A Makeup Risk For ‘Oz’ Tracey, who works with Mila frequently for red carpet events, was also her personal makeup artist for her character Theodora in Oz The Great And Powerful. Are there any trends that Mila is very vocal about not trying?  Mila is a no lipstick kind of girl so I try to keep things simple for her when it comes to events but clearly she was bold enough to let me have Theodora in a red lip! That was a fun, different look to do. Was her hairstyle a determining factor for the makeup shades you used or how you applied her makeup? [Her hairstylist] Mara Roszak thought the same way I did when we wanted to give her a modern feel so her straight hair helped me see that vision.  Are you like Mila and prefer to skip lipstick, HollywoodLifers? WATCH: ‘Oz: The Great And Powerful’ Trailer –Dory Larrabee More Mila Kunis News: Mila Kunis Stuns At ‘Oz The Great And Powerful’ Premiere Mila Kunis’ Makeup: All About The Eyes In ‘Marie Claire’ UK Mila Kunis’ Spellbinding ‘Oz’ Premiere Makeup — Get Her Exact Look Take Our Poll Leave a Reply Cancel reply To comment, please fill in the fields below, enter your comment and select the Comment button. Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of follow-up comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. View Comment dating website Posted at 9:44 AM on July 1, 2014   Appreciating the time and energy you put into your website and detailed information you offer. It’s nice to come across a blog every once in a while that isn’t the same old rehashed information. Fantastic read! I’ve bookmarked your site and I’m including your RSS feeds to my Google account.  Reply Share this comment at abe is doing it!!? Posted at 10:11 AM on March 6, 2013   agree sweetheart, this kisses much much better.  Reply Share this comment at Kim Kardashian, Snooki, & More: Pregnant Stars Keeping In Shape Jul19 Staying in shape while pregnant is the hottest new trend among… Read Article►→ 2 Mila Kunis: Giving Up Acting To Be 'Full-Time' Mom? New Interview Jul08 Mila Kunis is preparing to welcome her first child with her… Read Article►→ 3 Sponsored Content by Taboola Mila Kunis: 'I Never Wanted To Get Married' Until Ashton Kutcher Jul07 Mila Kunis looks absolutely stunning, rocking a retro beauty… Read Article►→ 2 Mila Kunis' Baby: Giving Birth In A Pool Of Kabbalah Water Jun27 In a new report, a long time friend of the actress reveals that… Read Article►→ 3 Ashton Kutcher's Twin Brother Believes He Will Be A 'Great' Dad Jun24 Will the usually funny, Ashton Kutcher, make a good father for… Read Article►→ NEW! Mila Kunis Shows Off Flawless Makeup On 'Marie Claire' Cover Jun12 Mila Kunis posed for the cover of the July 2014 issue of 'Marie… Read Article►→ 1 Mila Kunis: I Don't Want Ashton Kutcher To See My Vagina 'Shredded' Jun12 Mila Kunis is no longer shy about her pregnancy, that's for… Read Article►→ 5 Mila Kunis On 'Jimmy Kimmel': Rants About Pregnancy In Hilarious Skit Jun11 Too funny! During an appearance on 'Jimmy Kimmel Live,' a very… Read Article►→ 3 Pregnant Mila Kunis Shows Beautiful Bump In Black Mini On Red Carpet Jun10 Mila Kunis hit the red carpet for the first time since… Read Article►→ NEW! Mila Kunis, Snooki, & More Celebs: Who's Expecting Babies In 2014 Jun07 Wow, 2014 sure is the year for baby making! From Mila Kunis to… Read Article►→ 2 Mila Kunis & Ashton Kutcher's Baby Girl: Her Baby Name Revealed May15 Mila Kunis and Ashton Kutcher are thrilled to be pregnant with… Read Article►→ 13 Ashton Kutcher Restrains Pregnant Mila Kunis As She Yells At Paparazzi May12 Yikes. Ashton Kutcher had to physically restrain his pregnant… Read Article►→ 21 Pregnant Mila Kunis Reveals Her Food Cravings: Pickles? May09 Mila Kunis is craving some really weird food now that she is… Read Article►→ 9 Mila Kunis: 'I'll Be Having a Natural Birth' May09 Now that Mila Kunis has confirmed her pregnancy, she is… Read Article►→ 2 Mila Kunis Conceals Her Baby Bump In Loose Dress On 'Ellen' May09 The star finally spoke out about her pregnancy -- and she looked… Read Article►→ 6 Mila Kunis: How To Get Pregnant Star's Glowing Skin In 5 Minutes May09 Mila looked stunning on 'The Ellen DeGeneres Show,' which aired… Read Article►→ 3 Mila Kunis Tells Ellen DeGeneres: 'I'm Pregnant & Was Hiding It' May09 Mila Kunis has finally confirmed her pregnancy! During an… Read Article►→ 11 <\/scr' + 'ipt>'); } Ratings: Fresh Talent Boosts Taxi, Big Brother and SYTYCD Rise… 'Big Brother,' 'Talent' Top Night; 'Extant,' 'Motive' Hit Lows RATINGS RAT RACE: 'America's Got Talent' Steady In Move, Boosts… Bachelorette Andi Men Tell All - Top 5 Moments Dawn Of The Planet Of The Apes Movie Review The Power of Content Movie|Line DEADLINE india.com Variety entv TV|Line BGR Variety411: Your production services resource Copyright © 2014 PMC. All rights reserved. Feedback Contact Us Advertise with Us Corporate Privacy Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP \r\n \r\n <\/figure>\r\n \r\n %%title%%<\/span>\r\n %%month%%<\/span>%%day%%<\/time>\r\n <\/strong>\r\n Courtesy of<\/span> %%courtesy%%<\/span>\r\nRead Article \u25ba<\/span>\u2192<\/em><\/strong><\/span><\/article><\/a>","post_id":"1027694"}; /* */
http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2013/03/08/what-critics-are-saying-about-oz-the-great-and-powerful.html
The Daily Beast Politics Entertainment World News Tech + Health Fashion Great Escapes Women Books Merie Weismiller Wallace/Disney Enterprises, via AP Marlow Stern facebook tweet post Entertainment 03.08.13 What Critics Are Saying About ‘Oz: The Great and Powerful’ The critics are not very high on The Wizard of Oz prequel Oz: The Great and Powerful, starring James Franco. Disney’s fantasy-adventure film Oz: The Great and Powerful, director Sam Raimi’s (Spider-Man) highly anticipated prequel to The Wizard of Oz, opens in theaters nationwide this weekend. And there’s quite a lot riding on it. The 3D film cost a reported $215 million to produce, along with an additional $100 million in marketing costs, according to The Hollywood Reporter. It marks the last blockbuster film that former Walt Disney Pictures Chairman Rich Ross green-lighted before he was ousted last year, following the box office bombs Mars Needs Moms and John Carter. Oz tells the story of Oscar “Oz” Diggs (James Franco), a low-rent circus magician and grifter who is magically transported from Kansas to the magical Land of Oz. The denizens of Oz believe him to be the prophesized Wizard of Oz, but three witches—Theodora (Mila Kunis), Evanora (Rachel Weisz), and Glinda (Michelle Williams)—are dubious of this claim. Oscar must eventually find it in himself to become the great man that the creatures of Oz wish him to be, and save them from the evil Wicked Witch. So what are the critics saying? Empire magazine wrote, “long-term Oz watchers will be enchanted and enthralled. There’s even a musical number, albeit an abbreviated one. Mila Kunis gets a gold star for excellence in bewitchery and Sam Raimi can settle securely behind the curtain as a mature master of illusion.” 'Oz the Wimpy and Weak is more like it,' wrote The Hollywood Reporter. The majority of major critics, however, weren't very kind to the film. Rolling Stone: “Franco's Oz vehicle, pimped out in 3D and every computer trick in New Hollywood's digital playbook, is a mess indeed. There's no Judy Garland songs, no Scarecrow, no Tin Man, no Cowardly Lion. There's also no simplicity, no magic, no truth.” The Wall Street Journal: “…a relentlessly energetic, effects-laden fantasy, directed by Sam Raimi, about the origins of the wizard in "The Wizard of Oz." He's played by James Franco, who finds some fun—though not a lot—in a pedestrian story that follows a potholed path through the enchantment-free zones of a 3-D theme park. (The finale features a fireworks display straight out of Disneyland.)” New York Daily News [0 Stars]: “Under the circumstances, it’s no wonder the cast is unable to lift this lead balloon of a movie. Franco’s slick self-awareness — which is reaching its expiration date — does perfectly represent the film’s superficial tone. (The less said about Zach Braff as a monkey sidekick, the better.) But it’s depressing to watch three excellent actresses diminished so thoroughly. There are innumerable disappointments in Raimi’s return to a land we all love. But the most outrageous is the brazen claim that it’s based on Baum’s open-hearted books. Don’t be fooled by the smoke and mirrors. There is nothing here that is great, or powerful. Worst of all, there’s nothing here that even feels like Oz.” The Hollywood Reporter: “Oz the Wimpy and Weak would be more like it.” And the most brutal critique came courtesy of The New York Times's Manohla Dargis, who claimed the film demonstrated “exhausted formulas, gender stereotypes, general idiocy and a mind-set that values special effects over storytelling.” “The bigger bummer, though, is that the studio that has enchanted generations with Tinker Bell and at least a few plucky princesses has backed a movie that has such backward ideas about female characters that it makes the 1939 Wizard of Oz look like a suffragist classic,” wrote Dargis. “A little sisterly outrage would have been appropriate because, among other offenses, the filmmakers have thrown over Dorothy — one of the greatest heroines in children’s literature and Hollywood cinema — for prequel about a two-bit magician and Lothario with female troubles. In Baum’s first book and in the 1939 film the witches are powerful forces for good and wickedness in the Land of Oz. In Oz the Great and Powerful, a witch not only falls for the man Oz, she also turns green from envy when he cozies up to a pretty blonde. (Yeah, the baddie is a brunette.)” Regardless of the reviews, Oz: The Great and Powerful is expected to cast a spell over the movie box office, with a projecting opening weekend domestic take of over $90 million, according to Box Office Mojo. And a sequel is already under way as well, according to The Hollywood Reporter. If a shiny new prequel isn’t your thing, you can also hold out for the 3D re-release of the original 1939 film The Wizard of Oz, which will come out later this year in celebration of the 90th anniversary of movie studio Warner Bros., who owns the rights to the original. share tweet post email  comments About us Contact us Jobs Advertise Help Mobile Site Privacy Community Policy Terms & Conditions Copyright & Trademark © 2014 The Daily Beast Company LLC
http://collider.com/james-franco-mila-kunis-oz-great-powerful-interview/
'); } else { document.write(' '); } James Franco and Mila Kunis Talk OZ THE GREAT AND POWERFUL, Reuniting with Sam Raimi, and the Wachowskis’ JUPITER ASCENDING by Christina Radish    Posted 1 year, 141 days ago From director Sam Raimi, Oz the Great and Powerful imagines the origins of the wizard that was first brought to life in author L. Frank Baum’s book The Wizard of Oz, in a fantastical adventure that utilizes 3D to enhance what is truly an awe-inspiring movie-going experience.  When small-time circus magician Oscar Diggs (James Franco) is unexpectedly carried from Kansas to the vibrantly beautiful Land of Oz in a tornado, he soon meets three witches – Theodora (Mila Kunis), Evanora (Rachel Weisz) and Glinda (Michelle Williams) – who are unsure about whether he truly is the great wizard that they’ve been expecting.  In one of the biggest tales of fake it ‘til you make it, Oscar must use his magical skill and a little ingenuity to help good triumph over evil. At a press conference at the film’s press day, actor James Franco talked about working with Sam Raimi again, getting to learn magic from Lance Burton for the role, why he enjoys working with Mila Kunis, the inner journey his character goes on and finding a balance in his eclectic career, while actress Mila Kunis talked about playing Theodora as a normal girl who gets her heart broken, making the character her own, the best part about playing a witch, and how much she enjoys doing wire work, which she says she’ll be doing a ton more of on her next project, the Wachowskis’ Jupiter Ascending.  Check out what they had to say after the jump. Question:  James, what was it like to work with Sam Raimi again, on this film? JAMES FRANCO:  I love Sam!  I’ve known Sam for over 10 years because we did the Spider-Man trilogy together, and he is one of the most fun directors to work with, which is no small thing.  A director on a film really sets the tone of how people go about things, so when you have someone like Sam, everybody is happy to be at work and everybody does their best.  He’s a very collaborative director, not just with the actors, but with all departments, and that really makes people want to do their best because they all feel like they’re a big part of the movie, and they are.  So, I love working with Sam.  I’d do anything with him. Mila, without giving anything away, your character has an incredible arc.  What was your process for finding Theodora? MILA KUNIS:  It was one of those things where I got very nervous about playing such an iconic character, or at least playing a character that has such an iconic end result.  I didn’t want to ruin it, and I didn’t want to recreate it, and I didn’t want to reinterpret it.  So, in order for me to wrap my head around it, I had to make sense of her origin, which was just given to me, kind of like a gift.  Here’s a girl who is incredibly naïve and very young, and almost doesn’t believe that she’s worthy of love, and has never really truly experienced love, and then she meets James’ character and falls madly in love with him, very quickly, mind you, but in love nonetheless, and then she gets her heart broken.  And she doesn’t have the emotional tools of dealing with heart ache, and doesn’t want to deal with it, so she takes the easy way, given to her by her sister and goes through an emotional transformation that’s mirrored by a physical one, and she happens to change color.  I honestly viewed her as a just a normal girl who gets her heart broken, and who just so happens to be a witch that can fly. Margaret Hamilton was amazing as The Wicked Witch of the West in The Wizard of Oz.  How did you navigate that previous performance while making this character your own? KUNIS:  It’s damned if you do, damned if you don’t.  I’d be lying, if you told you that it wasn’t incredibly frightening because it is.  She was phenomenal and did create such an iconic character, for going on 80 years now, that is so associated with so many things, let alone Oz or Halloween or witches, in general, that I wasn’t going to touch it.  I did not re-watch The Wizard of Oz.  I didn’t go there because there was no way of me ever doing it justice.  So, this is the 21st century version of that, I guess.  There’s a corset involved and her dress is a little tighter and she’s maybe not hunched over so much.  But, what she did will forever, in my mind, be the greatest witch, of all time.  It’s like a love letter to her, in a way. James, what was it like to get to learn magic for this, and have you since used it in real life, to show off? FRANCO:  I got to learn with Lance Burton, who is a great magician from Las Vegas.  I got private lessons.  It was pretty fun.  I could accomplish the tricks.  There were even more tricks than made it into the film.  We just had to cut some for time.  But, I got to learn quite a few pretty cool tricks that, if I took them to parties, I probably would get a lot of attention, but I need a lot of help from Lance to pull them off, and he doesn’t travel around with me.  It’s just one of the skills that I’ve learned, along the way, like sword fighting or flying a plane, that I just don’t use very much, after I’m done with the movie. What was it like to work with Mila Kunis again, and what do you enjoy about working with her? FRANCO:  Mila and I have worked on many projects, at this point.  Some have been very big, like Oz or Date Night, and some were smaller projects that I’ve pulled her into.  While we were in Detroit, she did a movie with some of my students from NYU, and we’ve done internet things.  I love working with Mila.  She’s one of my favorite actresses to work with.  I have a great time working with her.  So, when I was asked if I was interested in doing Oz, I had to have a meeting with Sam, but I had heard that Mila was either getting involved or was already signed on, and that was one of a few reasons why I wanted to do the movie.  It was great.  We have a great dynamic.  She’s a great actor.  One of the great things about Mila is that she’s just a great collaborator.  She’s very easygoing.  She’s done a lot of comedy, so she’s very good at acting on her feet, doing improvisation, and figuring things out in a very organic way, and that’s how I like to work.  So, I’ll do anything with Mila. How difficult was it to walk the line between this character being a bit full of himself, but having audiences still like him and want to follow him on this journey? FRANCO:  The character, as written, was very much Sam’s idea.  I think it was one of his big contributions.  When you deal with Oz, as a subject, you have a fantastical land.  So, I had faith that the designers would be able to create a spectacular world, but you don’t want a movie that’s just a journey through a fantastical world.  You want the characters to have their own inner journeys.  So, Sam’s idea – or maybe it was a collaboration with the writers – was that the character would also have an inner journey.  He would start off in one place, and then have room to grow, once you got to Oz.  I thought, as selfish as he is and as much of a cad he is, in the beginning, it would never go to the point where he’s unlikable because all of his manipulations and conning of people are played for laughs.  And I can’t quite blame him for being the way he is because of his history.  He grew up in circumstances where he just wanted to get out.  He wanted something different.  With performing, he saw a way out.  So, he’s gone a little too far in his ambitions and it’s blinded him to the love of the people around him, but you can’t blame the initial reasons for being the way that he is. Mila, how fun was it to play such an over-the-top witch? KUNIS:  Very rarely are you given the opportunity to have such a fantastical character, so it’s really fun.  Now, I say that because I had incredible actors that I felt safe with, and I had the most incredible safety net of Sam Raimi and (producer) Joe [Roth], knowing that, should I maybe not do the greatest of a take, I would be given another one and another one.  I was allowed to play around and have that little tennis match, back and forth.  If you take that away, it’s incredibly frightening because my character does have an end result that is so incredibly iconic that you just don’t want to mess it up.  And you don’t want to play around with it too much because then it becomes something completely crazy and not believable.  But, it’s so fun to be a part of this world. What was the best part about playing a witch? KUNIS:  It’s fun to play somebody who has no boundaries or rules.  There’s no book you can read on how to play a witch, so you just create a version.  It’s really great!  James, what was the best part about playing your character, and were you ever jealous that you didn’t have any of the witches’ powers? FRANCO:  I have done a lot of wire work, and I know what you have to do, in order to look like you’re flying, so I was not that jealous.  I just love that the character was comedic, and that he could go into this world and bounce off it, rather than just being pulled into it smoothly.  I thought that was a very unique take on a world like this.  As a performer, that was the most enjoyable part of it. Mila, are you just a really physical person?  Because you like to do so many of your own stunts, do you keep yourself strong when you’re not doing stuff like that, so that when you do it, you can really have fun with it? KUNIS:  Yeah!  Apparently, I like it because I keep doing movies that requires wires, so I guess I had a great time.  The truth is that it’s not hard.  It’s really not hard to be wired and have somebody else be responsible for the wire work and your life.  Your only responsibility is to stay 17 hours on those wires.  So, I guess I do work out a little bit, for that purpose.  The movie that I’m doing, that’s following up this one, requires a lot more wire training than this one did, but at least this one prepped me for that.  I love it!  I will do and have done all my own stunts, as much as allotted. What is that next film? KUNIS:  The Wachowski movie (Jupiter Ascending).  That one requires a lot of wires.  Everything seems to be wired.  But, I haven’t started that yet.  I start next week. James, you have one of the most eclectic careers, as an actor.  How do you find a balance between doing a project like this and doing smaller, more experimental projects? FRANCO:  I do many different kinds of projects.  I try to be very responsible about how and where they’re released, and I know that they’re for different kinds of audiences.  So, when I do a film that’s released at Sundance, I feel like I’m entitled to do material that pushes boundaries because that’s an audience that can take it.  There is a place for those kinds of movies, and that’s one of the places.  And then, when I do a movie like this, I know what the intention is, and I’m not going to try to bring in material that doesn’t fit in this world.  It’s my job to align myself with the intention and tone of the world.  So, it’s just a matter of knowing the kind of project I’m working on, and fitting myself into that. Oz the Great and Powerful opens in theaters on March 8th. Like Us Tags: Interview, James Franco, Jupiter Ascending, Mila Kunis, Oz The Great and Powerful Related Links: OZ THE GREAT AND POWERFUL Blu-ray Review TOP 5: IRON MAN 3, OZ THE GREAT AND POWERFUL Interviews, First Trailer for THE HANGOVER PART III, Giant-Sized JUSTICE LEAGUE Rumor, AFTER EARTH OZ THE GREAT AND POWERFUL Review Mila Kunis Talks OZ THE GREAT AND POWERFUL, the TED Sequel, and the Wachowskis JUPITER ASCENDING New Trailer for OZ THE GREAT AND POWERFUL « Teaser Trailer for Steven Soderbergh’s BEHIND THE CANDELABRA Starring Michael Douglas and Matt Damon James Franco’s SNL Documentary SATURDAY NIGHT May Be Released by Focus Features » Comments: FB Comments frieda no audio interview supplement? CharlesX Not sure why everyone assumed that audiences would know Kunis is the one that becomes the wicked witch. Spoiler alerts would be appreciated….specially in an interview where you say you don’t wanna give away too much and she ends up saying “yeah I fall in love, I get my heart broken…and I turn green”. Pingback: Guardians of the Galaxy will barely feature Earth at all. Plus an update on Game of Thrones season four! | Musings of a Mild Mannered Man Pingback: Mila Kunis Charmed by Reporter: 5 Fast Facts You Need to Know | HEAVY Pingback: Mila Kunis On The Wachowskis’ Sci-Fi Film, Jupiter Ascending | Giant Freakin Robot ZergNet Follow Us On Twitter Steve 'Frosty' Weintraub - colliderfrosty Matt Goldberg - mattgoldberg Adam Chitwood - adamchitwood Dave Trumbore - DrClawMD Brendan Bettinger - colliderbrendan Jason Barr - colliderjason Christina Radish - ChristinaRadish Perri Nemiroff - PNemiroff Evan Dickson - EvanDickson Contact Us About Us Advertising Collider Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions RSS Feeds Site Map Copyright 2005 - 2014. All Rights Reserved. Site by topLingo. Interviews Movie Clips News Reviews Trailers TV AVENGERS: AGE OF ULTRON Concept Art Showcases Scarlet Witch and Iron Man at San Diego Comic-Con Comic-Con 2014: Marvel Studios Reveals ANT-MAN Convention Poster with Artwork by Andy Park Colin Firth Talks MAGIC IN THE MOONLIGHT, Working with Woody Allen, Matthew Vaughn’s KINGSMAN: THE SECRET SERVICE, GENIUS, Comic-Con, and More Make Money to Play the Lottery in the New NIGHTCRAWLER Trailer Starring Jake Gyllenhaal SINISTER SIX Release Date Set for November 11, 2016; THE AMAZING SPIDER-MAN 3 Pushed to 2018
