http://www.foxnews.com/us/2013/02/18/chicago-top-cop-likens-gun-lobby-influence-to/
Search Sign in to comment! Login U.S. Home Crime Terrorism Economy Immigration Disasters Military Education Environment Personal Freedoms Regions Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports On Air Fox News Fox Business Fox News Latino Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Menu FoxNews.com Search Facing a surging homicide rate and several headline-grabbing murders, Chicago\u2019s top cop is taking aim at lobbyists who he says prevent politicians from implementing more gun control measures.<\/p>", baynoteOrOutbrain:"outbrain", commenting: "true", partnerInfo: {"partner": {"source": "","info": []}} }; var disqus_identifier = "5b54a31e8feec310VgnVCM100000d7c1a8c0RCRD"; var disqus_category_id = "462851"; var disqus_developer = 1; U.S. Home Crime Terrorism Economy Immigration Disasters Military Education Environment Personal Freedoms Regions Crime & Courts Chicago's top cop likens gun lobby's influence to corruption Published February 18, 2013 FoxNews.com Facebook Twitter livefyre Chicago Police Commissioner Garry McCarthy says lawful gun owners can be a threat to public safety. (AP) Facing a surging homicide rate and several headline-grabbing murders, Chicago’s top cop is taking aim at lobbyists who he says prevent politicians from implementing more gun control measures. Appearing on a local Windy City Sunday morning talk show on the radio station WLSAM, Police Superintendent Garry McCarthy said special interests that lobby politicians to influence their opinion on gun control are the real problem. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT “If there was a special interest influencing police work, I believe that would be called corruption,” McCarthy said. “So, if it has to do with donating money, versus a popular vote, I think we have a bigger problem in this country and someone has to wake up to that.” Gun rights advocates seized on the comments, saying that McCarthy was blaming the city’s gun violence on donors and lobbyists who advocate for the Second Amendment. “Garry McCarthy’s understanding of our Constitution barely qualifies him as a meter maid, never mind the chief of the nation’s third largest police department,” Illinois State Rifle Association Executive Director Richard Pearson said. Despite having some of the toughest gun laws in the nation, Chicago saw more than 500 homicides last year for the first time since 2008, and some 43 murders took place in January. That has prompted several pro-gun rights groups to say it proves new gun control measures aren’t the answer. McCarthy told FoxNews.com he never advocated “getting rid of the Second Amendment.”  He said he was making the point that there is popular support for new gun control laws and that lobbyists are stopping elected officials from reflecting the will of the people. “How is it [special interests] are controlling politicians?” he said. “How are they controlling elected officials? It’s not by popular vote.” McCarthy in the past has blamed “government-sponsored racism” and Sarah Palin for Chicago’s gun violence. He has been outspoken in his opposition to handgun proliferation, telling a radio panel last month he equates fewer guns with improved public safety. “When people say concealed carry, I say Trayvon Martin,” McCarthy said, referring to the Florida teen who was shot and killed last February by a neighborhood watch volunteer, sparking controversy across the country. “I say Trayvon Martin because the answer to guns is not more guns, and just simply putting guns in people’s hands is going to lead to more tragedy.” McCarthy backs banning assault weapons and high-capacity magazines, requiring background checks for anyone who buys a gun, mandatory reporting of the sale, transfer, loss or theft of a gun and mandatory minimum prison sentences for people convicted of illegally possessing a gun. Advertisement Fox Business More Cloud Accounting Company Xero Plans for 2015 IPO Dunkin' pushing cashiers to 'upsell' in afternoons Cavuto: Bloomberg Blasts, Travel Ban Stops Trending in U.S. 1 Florida man run over by own truck during road rage incident 2 Live World War II military round washes ashore on popular Cape Cod beach 3 Double murder's botched execution prompts Arizona gov to order review 4 Beretta to move out of Maryland due to gun-control laws 5 New Jersey Turnpike Authority sues over Florida pizza shop logo See all Trends Advertisement Bank Rates Mortgage Home Equity Autos CD Rates Loan Type Graph Rate +/- Last Week 30 Y Fixed 4.27% 4.22%   15 Y Fixed 3.27% -- 3.27%   30 Y Fixed Jumbo 4.56% 4.60%   5/1 ARM 3.35% 3.48%   5/1 Jumbo ARM 3.54% 3.51%   Find Personalized Rates Search Loan Type Graph Rate +/- Last Week $30K HELOC 4.38% 4.46%   $50K HELOC 4.11% 4.17%   $30K Loan 4.99% 5.10%   $50K Loan 4.40% 4.55%   $75K Loan 4.40% 4.51%   Find Personalized Rates Search Loan Type Graph Rate +/- Last Week 36 M New 2.91% 2.86%   36 M Used 3.43% 3.36%   48 M New 3.19% 3.14%   48 M Used 2.97% 2.93%   60 M New 3.22% 3.17%   Find Personalized Rates Search Loan Type Graph Yield +/- Last Week 6 month 0.35% 0.34%   1 yr 0.68% -- 0.68%   5 yr 1.38% 1.37%   Compare Rates 1-year CD 1-year CD 6-month CD 3-month CD 5-year CD 1-year jumbo CD Money Market Account Jumbo MMA Search Site Index Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather On Air Tools Live Video Trending uReport Newsletters Alerts Blogs Mobile Podcasts Radio Fox News Store Apps & Downloads About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ad Choices Contact Us Email Newsroom FAQ Media Relations Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn RSS Newsletters Fox News Back to Top This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2014 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes. Privacy - Terms - FAQ
http://www.gunssavelife.com/?p=5848
Welcome to Magazine Premium You can change this text in the options panel in the admin There are tons of ways to configure Magazine Premium... The possibilities are endless! Member Login Username: Password:  Remember me Lost your password?   Hello Guest! Close   Home About GSL GSL Leadership Advertise Blog GunNews Join here Members JOIN THE GUNS SAVE LIFE FAMILY TODAY GunNews Mag Store Highway Signs GSL TV Contact Us Calendar Contact your Legislator Police administrators: Dumb and Dumber February 18, 2013 Chicago’s Police Superintendent Garry McCarthy. He was quoted on a radio show saying he would train his officers to shoot licensed civilians with guns.  And now he says gun advocates are corrupt.  Nice guy, eh? Unicorns, Mermaids and Make Believe in Chicago Garry McCarthy, Chicago’s top cop and part-time brain surgeon and street-light assassin had this epiphany he shared on WLS yesterday morning, as we reported he would.  It’s gone national and then some. Chicago top cop says pro-Second Amendment pols hurt public safety Chicago (FoxNews) – Facing a surging homicide rate and several headline-grabbing murders, Chicago’s top cop is taking aim at the Second Amendment, according to critics. Appearing on a local Windy City Sunday morning talk show, Police Superintendent Garry McCarthy said gun owners who lobby politicians or donate money to pro-gun rights political campaigns are engaged in corruption that endangers public safety. McCarthy, whose city – despite having some of the toughest gun laws in the nation – saw more than 500 homicides last year for the first time since 2008, also said the Second Amendment limits citizens to owning smooth-bore muskets. Critics were quick to fire back. Illinois State Rifle Association Executive Director Richard Pearson said McCarthy missed the Founding Fathers’ point. “Garry McCarthy ’s understanding of our Constitution barely qualifies him as a meter maid, never mind the chief of the nation’s third largest police department,” Pearson said. McCarthy’s ineptitude and ignorance defies belief. With decisions come consequences.  Chicago voters elected their leaders and they appointed Garry McCarthy to be their police chief. Today, in part because of the laws and decisions made by Chicago’s elected officials, Chicago enjoys a third-world violent crime rate more akin to Mogadishu than an American city. Thirty miles west of Chicago sits Aurora, Illinois’ second-largest city.  They don’t have Garry McCarthy as their police chief, Rahm Emanuel as their mayor, or Chicago’s racist, classist and sexist gun control laws about handguns. They also don’t have Chicago’s murders. Last year Chicago had 532 homicides. Aurora?  ZERO.  Not a one. This isn’t rocket science. And Garry McCarthy is trying to distract everyone from the obvious. Gun control only increases violent crime.  Every time. As gun owners, we were just recovering from the stellar stupidity ofEmeryville, CA’s Police Chief Ken James who says a gun’s sole purpose is to intimidate. California Police Chief: ‘A Gun Is Not a Defensive Weapon — That Is a Myth’ (Blaze) – Earlier this month, Emeryville, Calif. Police Chief Ken James argued that a gun is not a “defensive weapon” but rather an “offensive weapon used to intimidate and used to show power.” These four-star police chiefs with super-sized egos are displaying some astounding stupidity. Next thing you know, they’ll be telling us that unicorns will save the day.   This entry was posted on February 18, 2013 at 5:40 pm and is filed under Blog. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. 7 comments on “Police administrators: Dumb and Dumber” jim on February 18, 2013 at 6:00 pm said: Rahmbo went out and found and then hired Garrbo, simply amazing. Egomaniacs both. chuck Morris on February 18, 2013 at 8:18 pm said: Well Mr. Chicago police chief if you would stop treading on us we wouldn’t have to fight for our rights. Brian V. Sitterley on February 18, 2013 at 11:48 pm said: I live in Aurora, Colorado, which is rather larger than our counterpart in Illinois. I wish we had zero murders last year; we had twenty-something. Of 32 homicides, one was a store owner who killed an armed robber, and a few I think were police killing thugs, but still a lot of innocent people murdered. David on February 19, 2013 at 8:56 am said: Any time you have a small town police chief sporting four stars like General Douglas MacArthur then you know you’re dealing with an egomaniac / narcissist. Their opinions should be ignored, as they come from someone who has a serious mental deficiency. Garry McCarthy on the other hand, is just an ignorant bully. He lacks the common sense and intelligence to run the Chicago Police Department and is nothing but a lap dog for the nine and a half fingered tiny dancer, Rahm Emanuel. Obama Bin Lyin on February 19, 2013 at 3:01 pm said: What a tool! Come and take it. JoeyRay on February 19, 2013 at 7:04 pm said: Sounds just like Obama and Rahm. Nothing is ever their fault. Nothing. Always somebody else to take the blame for failed policies, poor police work, lazy and corrupt politicians. For this nitwit to call a law abiding citizen an agent of political corruption in a city like Chicago in a corrupt state like Illinois is like handing out speeding tickets at a NASCAR race. Chief of Police Fitzsmorris the chief during Capone’s time was a Rhodes scholar compared to this guy. Jakebob on February 20, 2013 at 11:33 am said: Here’s something strange… signs that some people who I thought would never “get it” are starting to understand at least a little bit: http://www.dnainfo.com/chicago/20130207/kenwood/rev-jesse-jackson-king-students-youd-turn-klansman-but-not-gunman Not saying Rev. Jackson is ready to become a Conservative or join the NRA, but I think this is the first time I’ve ever agreed with anything he said. Follow GSL! GSL Sponsors           Gmail Link out to your GSL gmail account: Upcoming Events Aug 5 Tue 6:00 pm GSL Pontiac Meeting @ Pontiac VFW Post 886 Aug 7 Thu 5:30 pm GSL Effingham Meeting @ Effingham County Sportsmen's Club 5:30 pm GSL Peoria Meeting @ Peoria Pizza Works Aug 12 Tue 5:15 pm Guns Save Life Monthly Meeting @ The Linden Aug 26 Tue 6:15 pm Monthly Board of Directors Meeting @ Colonies Community Center Sep 2 Tue 6:00 pm GSL Pontiac Meeting @ Pontiac VFW Post 886 Sep 4 Thu 5:30 pm GSL Effingham Meeting @ Effingham County Sportsmen's Club 5:30 pm GSL Peoria Meeting @ Peoria Pizza Works Sep 9 Tue 5:15 pm Guns Save Life Monthly Meeting @ The Linden Sep 23 Tue 6:15 pm Monthly Board of Directors Meeting @ Colonies Community Center View Calendar ✔ Subscribe Add to Google Sponsors Copyright © 2014 GunsSaveLife.com. All Rights Reserved. Magazine Premium created by Themes by bavotasan.com.
http://www.examiner.com/article/isra-chicago-police-chief-garry-mccarthy-says-lawful-firearm-owners-are-corrupt
Skip to main content In News: News Politics Business & Finance Strange News Crime & Courts Facebook Twitter GooglePlus Search News Politics Republican Chicago Police Chief Garry McCarthy says lawful firearm owners are corrupt: ISRA Chicago's top cop Garry McCarthy outrages gun advocates with his assertions on Feb. 17, 2013. Chicago Magazine Chicago's top cop Garry McCarthy outrages gun advocates with his assertions on Feb. 17, 2013. Chicago Magazine Scott Paulson Conservative Examiner Subscribe Follow: Advertisement Facebook Twitter Pinterest Linkedin Google Plus Comment February 17, 2013 On Sunday, the Illinois State Rifle Association (ISRA) is reacting severely and swiftly to comments made by Chicago’s Superintendent of Police Garry McCarthy who stated on a talk show that lawful firearm owners are simply agents of political corruption. McCarthy, who has been continually on the hot seat alongside Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel for the continual murders by guns in Chicago, spoke on a Sunday morning talk show. Pizza Restaurant Owner gives 15% off to Gun Owners Obama's Speech on Gun Control (Video) Chicago area girl killed after Obama spoke about guns on South Side McCarthy maintains a firm believe that firearm owners who lobby elected officials or who donate money to political campaigns are engaging in a type of corruption that endangers public safety. Also disturbing to the ISRA is its assertion that Superintendent McCarthy believes that judges and lawmakers ought to rely on public opinion polls when interpreting the United States Constitution. Responding to McCarthy’s comments, including his comments regarding the United States Constitution’s 2nd Amendment, ISRAQ Executive Director Richard Pearson harshly stated: Garry McCarthy’s understanding of our Constitution barely qualifies him as a meter maid, never mind the chief of the nation’s third largest police department. What on earth would possess McCarthy to assert that constitutional rights should be meted out based on public opinion polls? Let’s not forget that public opinion polls once opposed a woman’s right to vote… Chicago has been the verbal target of continual scorn and ridicule for its ongoing gun violence. Last year, the count of deaths by guns topped 500, and the new year began with an incredible 42 murders in the first month of 2013. On Friday, President Barack Obama came to his hometown of Chicago to talk about guns and poverty at Hyde Park Academy on the city’s South Side. Within a few hours, there were four more wounded in the city with one woman dying from her gunshot. As the weekend continued, another round of shootings happened on Saturday resulting in the death of a 17-year-old boy in the city’s Little Village neighborhood on a busy Chicago street at 6:15 in the evening. Suggested by the author Chicago area girl killed after Obama spoke on Chicago's South Side about guns All Around Pizza gives 15 percent discount to diners with guns Obama's speech on gun control and gun violence in America (Video) Facebook Twitter Pinterest Linkedin Google Plus Comment Report this content Comments Advertisement Featured Video Advertisement Popular in Republican Video claims Valerie Jarrett played role in effort to kidnap Amb. Chris Stevens The savage and animal raping of Lara Logan that the media continues to ignore What happened at Little Rock Air Force Base? Most dangerous cities in the United States in 2014: FBI DNC boss Debbie Wasserman Schultz caught in lie during television interview Popular in Albany, NY change Election 2012: The media's giving tree NYRA turns the page NY Primary Day: Does it matter? New Pelosi-Same as Old Pelosi. The effects of Liberalism on the American justice system. Latest in Republican July 24, 2014 President Obama invites Latin illegals to an "open prom" at our border July 24, 2014 Dem Senator who plagiarized his master's thesis claims PTSD meds the culprit July 24, 2014 DNC boss Debbie Wasserman Schultz caught in lie during television interview July 23, 2014 What happened at Little Rock Air Force Base? July 23, 2014 Mexico angered at Texas moving troops to border Advertisement News Israel continues their ravaging bombardment on Gaza as the conflict wages on Video Video 40 bodies of the MH17 plane crash return to a somber homecoming in Holland Top News President Obama announces the deployment of military advisers to Ukraine Politics A bubonic plague outbreak in Yumen prompts China to quarantine the city World News A flight headed from Burkina Faso to Algeria disappears from radar over Mali Headlines Microsoft launches Windows Phone training portal in attempt to woo consumers Tech Company Links About us OnTopic custom content Advertise with us Career opportunities Sitemap Examiner.com Entertainment | AXS Network | © 2006-2014 AXS Digital Group LLC d/b/a Examiner.com | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | About us Choose a Topic Arts & Entertainment Arts & Entertainment Music Movies TV Arts & Exhibits Performing Arts Reality TV Celebrity Pop Culture Animation Young Adult Fiction Books Movie Reviews Comic Books AXS Entertainment AXS Entertainment Music Movies TV Arts & Exhibits Performing Arts NFL NHL MLB NBA Fight Sports Soccer Recreational Sports Reality TV Music Festivals News News Politics Business & Finance Strange News Crime & Courts Extreme Weather Small Business Science & Space Stock Market Gun Control Same-Sex Marriage Global Warming Personal Finance Democrat Republican Political Buzz Environment Marketing and PR Life Life Home & Living Pets Family & Parenting Fashion Health & Fitness Education Religion & Spirituality Weight Loss & Dieting Weddings Gardening Home Improvement Relationships Green Living Nutrition Neighborhoods Careers & Workplace Sales & Deals Healthcare Jobs Hobbies Leisure Leisure Food & Drink Travel Spa & Beauty Autos & Motorcycles Bars & Clubs Recipes Drinks Budget Travel DIY Mechanic Auto Reviews Natural Beauty Luxury Travel Makeup Hair & Nails Sports Sports MLB NFL NBA NHL Soccer Fight Sports Recreational Sports College Sports General Sports Fantasy Sports Motorsports Hunting & Fishing Hiking Camping Running Equestrian Water Sports Action Sports Endurance Sports Recreation Tech Tech Gadgets & Tech Video Games Internet Tech Gear Tablets iPhone Google Glass Wearable Tech Xbox One Playstation 4 Photography MMOGs Handheld Games Facebook Anonymous Social Media Consoles Bitcoin Google Twitter Video Log In / Register Search
http://www.westernfreepress.com/2013/02/20/top-cop-from-americas-most-corrupt-city-calls-gun-rights-advocacy-corruption/
Hot Topics: Entertainment Featured Video Arizona Elected Officials Create Account Login Facebook Twitter RSS YouTube Facebook Twitter RSS YouTube News and Opinion Latest The Israel Test – Who Passes? Who Fails?David Leeper | July 24, 2014 Salmon Statement on House Border Crisis Group RecommendationsMatt Salmon | July 24, 2014 Ron Barber: A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Pelosi, Inc.John Walker | July 24, 2014 C’mon, JZ Knight . . . How Many Accents Does Ramtha Have?Christopher Cook | July 23, 2014 Categories News and Opinion Elections Elections Latest Ron Barber: A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Pelosi, Inc.John Walker | July 24, 2014 Video: Joni Ernst in service to Iowa and Iowans (Q: Where is Bruce Braley?)Western Free Press | July 23, 2014 Question: Just how insane, racist, and corrupt do you have to be before Obama returns your campaign donations?Christopher Cook | July 23, 2014 Video: Sen. Mark Pryor Runs Away from Reporter Asking Perfectly Reasonable QuestionsChristopher Cook | July 22, 2014 Categories Elections Videos Arizona Elected Officials Videos Latest The Israel Test – Who Passes? Who Fails?David Leeper | July 24, 2014 Ron Barber: A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Pelosi, Inc.John Walker | July 24, 2014 C’mon, JZ Knight . . . How Many Accents Does Ramtha Have?Christopher Cook | July 23, 2014 Video: Joni Ernst in service to Iowa and Iowans (Q: Where is Bruce Braley?)Western Free Press | July 23, 2014 Categories Videos Entertainment Featured Video Entertainment Latest C’mon, JZ Knight . . . How Many Accents Does Ramtha Have?Christopher Cook | July 23, 2014 Funny Campaign Video: What would ads look like if politicians were being honest?Christopher Cook | July 20, 2014 ‘Weird Al’ Yankovic goes after bad grammar in ‘Word Crimes’ parody videoChristopher Cook | July 20, 2014 Video: Watch 16 News anchors all read the same exact scriptWestern Free Press | July 20, 2014 Categories Entertainment News and Opinion Prev The Israel Test – Who Passes? Who Fails? Salmon Statement on House Border Crisis Group Recommendations Ron Barber: A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Pelosi, Inc. C’mon, JZ Knight . . . How Many Accents Does Ramtha Have? Lunacy Reigns Video: Joni Ernst in service to Iowa and Iowans (Q: Where is Bruce Braley?) Sesquicentennial of Battle of Atlanta’s penultimate disunion-gasp Reactions to Obamacare Exchange ruling in Halbig v. Burwell Next Top cop from America’s most corrupt city calls gun-rights advocacy ‘corruption’ Christopher Cook | February 20 2013 0 Comments That’s right . . . Chicago. The city with the highest murder rate in the land. America’s Cape Town. The city known for its dead voters and its revolving door system—first a man serves in public office, then he goes to jail for corruption. The city whose name has come to mean corruption itself. And yet whom does its top cop say is corrupt, and to blame for its violence? Police Superintendent Garry McCarthy said special interests that lobby politicians to influence their opinion on gun control are the real problem. “If there was a special interest influencing police work, I believe that would be called corruption,” McCarthy said. “So, if it has to do with donating money, versus a popular vote, I think we have a bigger problem in this country and someone has to wake up to that.” The Illinois State Rifle Association was quick to respond: Garry McCarthy’s understanding of our Constitution barely qualifies him as a meter maid, never mind the chief of the nation’s third largest police department,” One should expect little less from a man who was appointed by Rahm Emmanuel, from a man who wades waist-deep in corruption every day, and from a man who actually sorta kinda blamed Sarah Palin’s caribou hunting for gun violence in his nasty city:  McCarthy blasted the NRA, telling parishioners that their communities have paid the price while the gun manufacturers are getting “rich and living in gated communities.” And he told an anecdote of just one night with the New York Police Department. After returning home from investigating a pair of shootings, he said he flipped on the television to relax, only to find “Sarah Palin’s Alaska” being broadcast. “She was caribou hunting, and talking about the right to bear arms,” he said. “Why wasn’t she at the crime scene with me?” Rahm Emmanuel chose well. (HT: Barracuda Brigade) 0 comments   Get Livefyre FAQ Sign in + Follow Post comment   Link Newest | Oldest SIGN UP TO GET NEWS Sign up! More Headlines Operation Choke Point Exposed for What It Really Is July 22, 2014 | Kelsey Harkness Boehner: Another Court Rules Against President Obama’s Unilateral Actions July 22, 2014 | Speaker Boehner Press Office Border Crisis Was Manufactured July 21, 2014 | Roger Aronoff Q & A: What Is This Iron Dome That Is Protecting Israel From Hamas Rockets? July 21, 2014 | Daily Signal Former Clinton Advisor Lanny Davis: Time For a Special Prosecutor to Look Into IRS Scandal July 21, 2014 | Katie Pavlich View all Links American Conservative in London Americans for Prosperity Arizona Capitol Times Arizona Daily Star AZ GOP Barracuda Brigade Espresso Pundit Gallup Gilbert Daily Press Gilbert Watch Goldwater Institute Hot Air Hugh Hewitt Institute for Justice – Arizona Chapter Laser Light Show Moonbattery More Than You Wanted to Know Morning in Arizona Patriot Headline Report Rasmussen Reports Real Clear Politics Seeing Red AZ Sonoran Alliance The Arizona Republic The Cato Institute The Heritage Foundation The Lonely Conservative Vox Popoli Yellow Sheet Report Western Free Press Library WFP Article V Page News & Opinion The Israel Test – Who Passes? Who Fails? Salmon Statement on House Border Crisis Group Recommendations Election Ron Barber: A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Pelosi, Inc. Video: Joni Ernst in service to Iowa and Iowans (Q: Where is Bruce Braley?) Videos The Israel Test – Who Passes? Who Fails? Ron Barber: A Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Pelosi, Inc. About Us Advertise Contact Us About Western Free Press Combining straight news from a wide variety of sources with insightful opinion from our team of writers, Western Free Press has provided daily coverage of political, economic, and social issues in Arizona and around the nation since 2010. Western Free Press was voted one of Arizona's top five political websites in the Arizona Capitol Times' 2012 Best of the Capitol awards. © Western Free Press | Privacy Policy
http://sweetness-light.com/archive/top-chicago-cop-says-gun-lobbyists-are-corrupt
﻿    Top Chicago Cop Says Gun Lobbyists Are Corrupt | Sweetness & Light Buzz AP Does Sob Story On Family Deported Back To Honduras mr_bill: Millions upon millions of illegal immigrants keep insisting they "just… Koskinen Now Says Email Backup Tapes Have Been Found untrainable: Oh Crap... People aren't buying the "crashed hard drive" story...… Californians Don't Want To Pay To Fight Climate Change Noyzmakr: Scientists now say that the pause in Global Warming … dasher: Not In My Back Yard! Ukraine Begged US, NATO For Missile Defense Equipment Noyzmakr: We've also learned that the leadership of Iraq begged Obama… And... By Our Readers Articles Californians Don’t Want To Pay To Fight Climate Change Twitter Admits Lack Of Diversity (Like Other Social Media) Obama-Care Has Hurt Twice as Many People As It’s Helped Koskinen Now Says Email Backup Tapes Have Been Found La Raza CEO: USA Chants Make Me Angry And Outraged ACLU May Sue CA Town For Not Accepting Illegal Aliens 90% Of Illegal Alien Kids Aren’t Showing Up For Hearings Obama ‘Encouraging’ ICE Officers To Slack Off Their Jobs Obama Has Sent Team To Assess Need For NG On Border AP Does Sob Story On Family Deported Back To Honduras Ukraine Begged US, NATO For Missile Defense Equipment Commander Acknowledges ‘Separatists’ Had BUK Missile Dems Attack National Guard Plan, Say Border Is Secure Illegal Aliens Entering TX Outpaces Babies Born In TX Border Is Secure – 192 Smugglers Arrested In 1 Month! Join Us Register Log in Login Username Password Remember Me Register Lost Password S&L Stuff Questions About Privacy Contact DMCA Copyright Notification Get The T-Shirt! S&L On Twitter Subscribe Via RSS Awards CPAC's 2009 Blog Of The Year Ads Advertise on S&L ∼  "The Sweetness and Light of the few must be imperfect until the raw and unkindled masses of humanity are touched with Sweetness and Light." - Matthew Arnold, 1869    ∼ Search Us « Chinese Army Behind Hacking Of 141 US Sites | Washington St. Gun Bill Includes ‘Sheriff Visits’ » Top Chicago Cop Says Gun Lobbyists Are Corrupt From Fox News: Chicago’s top cop likens gun lobby’s influence to corruption Published February 18, 2013 Facing a surging homicide rate and several headline-grabbing murders, Chicago’s top cop is taking aim at lobbyists who he says prevent politicians from implementing more gun control measures. Even though Chicago already has an assault weapons ban and some of the most stringent gun control laws in the country. Appearing on a local Windy City Sunday morning talk show on the radio station WLSAM, Police Superintendent Garry McCarthy said special interests that lobby politicians to influence their opinion on gun control are the real problem. So this government official wants to do away with both the First and the Second Amendment. “If there was a special interest influencing police work, I believe that would be called corruption,” McCarthy said. “So, if it has to do with donating money, versus a popular vote, I think we have a bigger problem in this country and someone has to wake up to that.” Isn’t Superintendent McCarthy in the local policemen’s union? Don’t they donate money to political candidates and lobby? (And, for the record, isn’t it one of the unions that is bankrupting Chicago with their outrageous salaries, benefits and pensions?) Gun rights advocates seized on the comments, saying that McCarthy was blaming the city’s gun violence on donors and lobbyists who advocate for the Second Amendment. “Garry McCarthy’s understanding of our Constitution barely qualifies him as a meter maid, never mind the chief of the nation’s third largest police department,” Illinois State Rifle Association Executive Director Richard Pearson said… According to the Illinois State Rifle Association, McCarthy also claimed the Second Amendment limits citizens to owning smooth-bore muskets. And he also went on to say he believes the Second Amendment supports mandatory liability insurance for firearm owners and the mandatory application of GPS tracking devices to civilian owned firearms. McCarthy told FoxNews.com he never advocated “getting rid of the Second Amendment.” He just wants to ‘infringe’ it a little. He said he was making the point that there is popular support for new gun control laws and that lobbyists are stopping elected officials from reflecting the will of the people. “How is it [special interests] are controlling politicians?” he said. “How are they controlling elected officials? It’s not by popular vote.” McCarthy in the past has blamed “government-sponsored racism” and Sarah Palin for Chicago’s gun violence… Why not. Who is going to call him on it? He has been outspoken in his opposition to handgun proliferation, telling a radio panel last month he equates fewer guns with improved public safety. “When people say concealed carry, I say Trayvon Martin,” McCarthy said, referring to the Florida teen who was shot and killed last February by a neighborhood watch volunteer, sparking controversy across the country. “I say Trayvon Martin because the answer to guns is not more guns, and just simply putting guns in people’s hands is going to lead to more tragedy.” … We’re not sure how this helps his argument. Would George Zimmerman be alive today if he had not had a gun? Meanwhile, these local gun control zealots aren’t just talking. They are shredding the Second Amendment with their own bare hands. From the Washington Examiner: Prince George’s County slams brakes on gun shows By Matt Connolly | February 16, 2013 Prince George’s County has put a stop to any gun shows for the foreseeable future, citing uncertainty over state and federal weapons laws. There is no "uncertainty." Selling guns at guns shows is still perfectly legal. Silverado Gun Show owner Frank Krasner found out about the decision while he was planning a show at the Show Place Arena in Upper Marlboro. In the middle of a contract dispute, he said, county Director of Parks and Recreation Ronnie Gathers sent him a letter canceling the event, which would have been held this weekend. The letter mentioned the recent mass shooting in Newtown, Conn., calling the decision a "temporary moratorium." … And never mind that the weapons used at Newtown were all purchased in stores. Not at gun shows. Officials at the Maryland-National Capital Park and Planning Commission, the organization responsible for managing parks and land use issues in Montgomery and Prince George’s counties, passed down the decision, called the ban a security measure. Until it’s clear what new regulations may appear, they said, the county should hold off. "We’re waiting to see what the state and federal government decides with regard to gun shows," facility director Roslyn Johnson said. "We thought it was the right time for us to step back." … If it is perfectly legal to sell guns, how can any government prohibit the sale of them? Especially, given the Second Amendment. And what will they decide to ban next? This article was posted by Steve Gilbert on Tuesday, February 19th, 2013. Comments are currently closed. 6 Responses to “Top Chicago Cop Says Gun Lobbyists Are Corrupt” GetBackJack February 19, 2013 at 9:53 am Top Chicago Cop Says Gun Lobbyists Are Corrupt Hahahah. HAHAHAHAH BWA-HAHAHAHAH untrainable February 19, 2013 at 11:29 am Come on GBJack. Who would, on sight, know corruption better than a Chicago cop? I’m sure Garry McCarthy has more hands on experience with corruption than most of us regular Joes will have in our collective lifetimes. We shouldn’t laugh at… Hahahah. HAHAHAHAH BWA-HAHAHAHAH. GetBackJack February 19, 2013 at 4:41 pm Hahahahah (gasp) oh my sides. You and me, let’s go get a beer …. captstubby February 19, 2013 at 8:24 pm come on people, Steve put a lot and time and, ha ha…hahaha,hahahahah Helena February 19, 2013 at 10:04 am Chicago gun crimes are Sarah Palin’s fault? How many Chicago gang members do you suppose have ever heard of Sarah Palin? Petronius February 19, 2013 at 10:25 am In the Roman Empire, the inhabitants of the provinces were forbidden to carry arms. The weapons-ban applied to citizen, provincial, and slave alike. Over the course of centuries this Roman law produced a civilian population unaccustomed to the use of weapons, conditions that rendered the once warlike provinces –– Britain, Gaul, Hispania, Pannonia –– vulnerable to the 4th and 5th century barbarian invasions. Chicago also has a weapons ban, and in Chicago only the barbarians have guns. Curious how history repeats itself. « Front Page | To Top « Chinese Army Behind Hacking Of 141 US Sites | Washington St. Gun Bill Includes ‘Sheriff Visits’ »
http://christopherfountain.wordpress.com/2013/02/14/new-jerseys-second-most-corrupt-senator-calls-it-a-day/
For What It's Worth Skip to content Home About Me – Snoutfair Spermologer to the World! Home & improvement My Writings ← Gun Control advocates: No one’s talking about confiscation – except our pet Democrats It just keeps getting (a teensy bit) better → February 14, 2013 · 5:19 pm New Jersey’s second-most corrupt senator calls it a day   I did? 89-year-old Frank Lautenberg retires. Like this: Like Loading... Related 10 Comments Filed under Uncategorized ← Gun Control advocates: No one’s talking about confiscation – except our pet Democrats It just keeps getting (a teensy bit) better → 10 responses to “New Jersey’s second-most corrupt senator calls it a day” Anonymous February 14, 2013 at 5:21 pm we can all die now anon February 14, 2013 at 5:23 pm But what a pork pie he’s leaving behind in the massive Lautenberg Secaucus Rail Palace. Natch February 14, 2013 at 5:35 pm Egotist Obama has already sung L’s praises. President Obama on Thursday praised Democratic Sen. Frank Lautenberg as a “steadfast champion of the people of New Jersey.” “Throughout his time in the Senate, Frank has fought tirelessly for workers, veterans, members of our military and their families, and immigrants, and he continues to make extraordinary contributions to our nation’s safety, and the health and welfare of our citizens,” the president said in a statement following Lautenberg’s announcement that he will not seek reelection. “His service in World War II is a testament to his character and deep commitment to public service,” Obama said. “I look forward to working with Frank on critical issues before us these next two years, and Michelle and I wish him and Bonnie all the best.” weakleyhollow February 14, 2013 at 5:51 pm Two days ago he “wasn’t sure.” I was hoping he’d run again. These antiques are mucho entertaining. Publius February 14, 2013 at 6:06 pm Mr Fountain It is a prerequisite for an elected official to be corrupt. No need to single out an drooling old corrupt fool. Richard February 14, 2013 at 6:54 pm Well in NJ, sure. A former mayor of Newark had a bank tellers drawer installed in his desk so that he could slide it out for visitors to discreetly deposit the payola. So Chris, if FL is second, who’s first? Chris Fountain February 14, 2013 at 6:58 pm Well the junior senator is neck and neck with Corzine, I suppose. Atticus February 14, 2013 at 7:41 pm Remember how the corrupt NJ Supreme CT resurrected him? Torrecelli (corrupt) dropped out after the deadline and Dems has no legal candidate. Not to worry, NJ Supreme CT rewrote the law on the fly and the cadaver won. Chris Fountain February 14, 2013 at 7:44 pm Indeed I do – the New Jersey judiciary proved as corrupt as everyone else down there. Here in Connecticut we seem to make do with mere incompetents and petty crooks but the Garden State grows ‘em large. Anonymous February 14, 2013 at 9:27 pm And don’t forget McGreavey, another corrupt NJ Dem who resigned. Blogroll *Peg Kaplan What if? Minnesota real estate, philosophy,smartest woman on earth? Afterburner – Bill Whittle Bored and Razed in Greenwich Brown Chicken Brown Cow String Band Libertarian politics Over lawyered dot com The Bovina Bloviator Zero Hedge statistics Greenwich Real Estate statistics from Shore & Country Useful Links Contact Peter Tesei CT Sunlight – who's got his snout in the public trough Cvil Litigation docket (foreclosure suits by party name) Greenwich 1934 Greenwich Foreclosures – Realty – Trac Greenwich prisoner locator Greenwich School Finder Greenwich Tax Assessments Mike Finkbeiner, surveyor, land use guru, Earthimage.net Mortgage calculator Outdoor Gear Reviews Rent vs. buy calculator ROLL CALL RTM MEMBERS WHO VOTED ON MISA ClustrMaps helpful Information About Me – Snoutfair Spermologer to the World! Home & improvement Builders Firewood and Suppliers My Writings Greenwich Mean Time – First Chapter Round Trip to Bermuda – what to do when your rudder falls off 200 miles out The Best Greenwich Neighborhoods The New Millionaire’s Handbook Zen Mailbox Wars Search Search for: Top Posts Okay, one more on Miss Jones Oops! Another price cut I overlooked Waterfront contract, Old Greenwich A little bit more on Ruth Le Blanc Jones and her trouble with the law Department of Silly Cuts We shall fight on the beaches...we shall NEVER surrender! The deadliest words in real estate This ought to be fun Beware the new home premium Trading places II RSS Feed  RSS - Posts  RSS - Comments Blog Stats 18,107,261 hits Archives July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 Al Gore Andres Piedrahita Andy Madoff Antares Antares greenwich A religion of pieces Barney Frank Bernard Madoff Bernie Madoff Catherine Hooper CFL idiocy CFLs Chris Dodd Chris Dodd and Countrywide Chris Dodd Scoundrel Connecticut gun control bill Contracts Dick Blumenthal Ethanol fraud Fairfield Greenwich Group FGG Foreclosures Frank DiPascali George Lindemann Jr. global warming Global warming bunkum Global warming fraud Greenwich foreclosures Greenwich market conditions Greenwich prices Greenwich real estate Greenwich real estate pricing Greenwich spec houses Greenwich Time Hedge funds Hugo Chavez Jeffrey Tucker Jim Himes Jim Himes - dullard Madoff Market activity Market conditions Mark Madoff MISA Monica Noel Nancy Pelosi NYC real estate prices Obamacare ObamaKare Peter Brant Peter Tesei Price cuts Price reductions Prices pricing pricing real estate Raj Rajaratnam real estate Real estate agents real estate market conditions Realogy Death Watch Riverside prices Riverside waterfront Ruth Madoff Sales Scott Frantz Somali Pirates spec houses Stimulus fraud Teri Buhl The fabulous Noel girls Useful Idiots Wall Street bonuses Walter and Monica Noel Walter Noel February 2013 M T W T F S S « Jan   Mar »   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28   Meta Register Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.com Contact Chris Fountain christopher.fountain@gmail.com 203 249-4394 Categories Back Country Belle Haven Buying/Selling Greenwich Real Estate Byram Contracts Cos Cob current market conditions Downtown Greenwich Foreclosure Greenwich Politics Inventory Mid Country MISA Neighborhoods Old Greenwich pricing Racial Redistricting Real estate agents Right wing nut rantings Riverside Selling tips spec houses Uncategorized Waterfront Back Country Belle Haven Buying/Selling Greenwich Real Estate Byram Contracts Cos Cob current market conditions Downtown Greenwich Foreclosure Greenwich Politics Inventory Mid Country MISA Neighborhoods Old Greenwich pricing Racial Redistricting Real estate agents Right wing nut rantings Riverside Selling tips spec houses Uncategorized Waterfront For What It's Worth · Greenwich, Connecticut real estate, politics, etc. Blog at WordPress.com. · The Pilcrow Theme. Follow Follow “For What It's Worth” Get every new post delivered to your Inbox. Join 585 other followers Powered by WordPress.com %d bloggers like this:
