http://www.cnn.com/2013/03/12/world/americas/venezuela-chavez-death-investigation/
SET EDITION:  U.S. INTERNATIONAL MÉXICO ARABIC TV:   CNN CNNi CNN en Español HLN Sign up Log in Home TV & Video U.S. World Politics Justice Entertainment Tech Health Living Travel Opinion iReport Money Sports SHARE THIS Print Email More sharing Reddit StumbleUpon Delicious Scientists will study possible Chavez poisoning, Venezuelan leader says By Catherine E. Shoichet, CNN updated 10:29 AM EDT, Wed March 13, 2013 Iran's President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad pays tribute to late Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez during the funeral in Caracas, Venezuela, on Friday, March 8. Belarus President Alexander Lukashenko and his son Nikolay stand next to the coffin of Chavez during the funeral on March 8. Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto, right, talks to Elena Frias, Chavez's mother, on March 8. Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, center, waves alongside Venezuelan Minister of Foreign Affairs Elias Jaua outside of the funeral of the President Hugo Chavez in Caracas, on March 8. Supporters of Chavez gather as they wait for a chance to view his body on March 8. A Chavez supporter weeps outside of his funeral in Caracas on March 8. Bolivian President Evo Morales, center, waves next to former Paraguayan President Fernando Lugo outside of the funeral on March 8. Supporters of Chavez hold a portrait of him as they wait for a chance to view his body at the military academy in Caracas on March 8. Spanish Crown Prince Felipe, center, arrives at Maiquetia Airport in Caracas on March 8. A man adjusts a banner before the start of Chavez's funeral outside the Military Academy. A woman wraps up in Venezuela's flag to stay warm as she and others wait in line before the start of Chavez's funeral. Cuban President Raul Castro salutes Chavez's body as he visits the wake with Chavez's daughter, Rosa Virginia, right, and Venezuela's Vice President Nicolas Maduro on Thursday, March 7. Ecuadorian President Rafael Correa views Chavez's body with his wife Anne Malherbe, right, on March 7. Peruvian President Ollanta Humala, center, views Chavez's body with his wife, Nadine Heredia, second left, on March 7. Nicaraguan President Daniel Ortega, center, views Chavez's body with his wife, Rosario Murillo, second left, on March 7. HIDE CAPTION Hugo Chavez's funeral Hugo Chavez's funeral Hugo Chavez's funeral Hugo Chavez's funeral Hugo Chavez's funeral Hugo Chavez's funeral Hugo Chavez's funeral Hugo Chavez's funeral Hugo Chavez's funeral Hugo Chavez's funeral Hugo Chavez's funeral Hugo Chavez's funeral Hugo Chavez's funeral Hugo Chavez's funeral Hugo Chavez's funeral << < 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 > >> STORY HIGHLIGHTS NEW: Doctor: There is "no scientific substance" to claims that Chavez was deliberately infected President Maduro says he will invite "the world's best scientists" to study Chavez's illness The interim leader says he suspects Chavez "was poisoned by dark forces" The State Department denies accusations of U.S. involvement, calling them "absurd" Lea este artículo en español (CNN) -- The dark claim on the day Hugo Chavez died took many by surprise. Someone, Venezuelan government officials said, may have deliberately infected him with cancer. Critics dismissed the accusation -- first floated by then-Vice President Nicolas Maduro on March 5 -- as an eleventh-hour attempt to distract Venezuelans and drum up popular support as leaders prepared to announce Chavez's death. But Maduro revived the issue this week, announcing that planning was in the works for a commission of "the world's best scientists" to investigate whether Chavez had been poisoned. Chavez gone, but far from forgotten as Venezuelan presidential campaigns start In an interview with the Telesur network hours after he registered to run for president Monday, Maduro implied that the United States could have been behind such an attack on Chavez -- an accusation that the State Department has denied. "We have this intuition that our commander Chavez was poisoned by dark forces that wanted to be rid of him," said Maduro, who was sworn in as Venezuela's interim president on Friday. Army Lt. Col. Hugo Chavez, who led a 1992 attempted coup, speaks to reporters on March 26, 1994, after he was freed from jail. Chavez was freed after charges were dropped against him for leading the first of two attempted coups against the government of former President Carlos Andres Perez, who was later removed from office. Venezuelan president-elect Chavez visits Bogota, Colombia, on December 18, 1998. On December 6, Chavez had been elected the youngest president in Venezuela history. President Chavez greets supporters with his then-wife, Marisabel Rodriguez de Chavez, beside him as he arrives to preside over a parade in his honor on February 4, 1999, in Caracas. Chavez was sworn in as president on February 2. Chavez inspects military maneuvers of the national Air Force on March 17, 2001, in Catilletes near the border with Colombia. In June 2000, Chavez was re-elected to the presidency for a six-year term, under the new constitution created by his government in 1999. People try to take shelter from gunshots fired near Altamira Square in Caracas on August 16, 2004. At least three people were wounded by gunshots after Chavez supporters fired on opposition demonstrators, police said. A vote to recall Chavez as president failed on August 15. Chavez, left, stands in front of supporters with Fidel Castro of Cuba, center, and Evo Morales of Bolivia, right, during a rally at the Plaza de la Revolucion in Havana, Cuba, on April 29, 2006. Chavez meets with Pope Benedict XVI at his private library on May 11, 2006, in Vatican City. Chavez embraces Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, right, in Tehran, Iran, on July 1, 2007. The two presidents have enjoyed a close relationship and Chavez has referred to Ahmadinejad as his "ideological brother." Chavez speaks during a rally in Caracas on November 18, 2008. Chavez pushed to change term limits in Venezuela through a referendum that passed on February 15, 2009, clearing the way for him to run for a third six-year term. Chavez, right, gives a copy of the book, "The Open Veins of Latin America" by Eduardo Galeano to President Barack Obama during a multilateral meeting at the Summit of the Americas in Port of Spain, Trinidad, on April 18, 2009. Chavez, right, greets Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin during his visit to the presidential palace in Caracas on April 2, 2010. Chavez salutes to the audience after passing a law in Caracas on November 12, 2011. Chavez has undergone several rounds of cancer treatment in Cuba, beginning in 2011. Chavez participates in a ceremony at the Miraflores presidential palace in Caracas on January 27, 2012. Chavez, left, jokes with American actor Sean Penn, right, during his visit to Miraflores presidential palace in Caracas on February 16, 2012. Penn thanked Chavez for the support given by the Venezuelan government to his nongovernmental organization, which benefits victims of the 2010 Haiti earthquake. Chavez acknowledges supporters on the streets of Caracas while on his way to the airport to travel to Cuba for ongoing cancer treatment on February 24, 2012. Chavez gestures to the crowd during his closing campaign rally in Caracas on October 4, 2012. The leftist leader won a fourth term on October 7, extending his presidency to 2019. A handout picture released by the Venezuelan presidential press office on Friday, February 15, 2013, shows Chavez surrounded by his daughters and holding the February 14 edition of the official Cuban newspaper Granma at a hospital in Havana, Cuba. Chavez supporters gather in Caracas' Bolivar Square to mourn Chavez's death on March 5, 2013. Political career of Hugo Chavez Political career of Hugo Chavez Political career of Hugo Chavez Political career of Hugo Chavez Political career of Hugo Chavez Political career of Hugo Chavez Political career of Hugo Chavez Political career of Hugo Chavez Political career of Hugo Chavez Political career of Hugo Chavez Political career of Hugo Chavez Political career of Hugo Chavez Political career of Hugo Chavez Political career of Hugo Chavez Political career of Hugo Chavez Political career of Hugo Chavez Political career of Hugo Chavez Political career of Hugo Chavez HIDE CAPTION << < 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 > >> Photos: Political career of Hugo Chavez What is Hugo Chavez's economic legacy? iReporters remember Hugo Chavez GPS: Venezuela after Chavez In the 1940s and 1950s, the United States and other countries had "scientific laboratories testing how to cause cancer," Maduro said. "Seventy years have passed. These kinds of laboratories of evil and death have not advanced?" Maduro stressed that he was not accusing the United States. "I am just saying something that is a truth, that is known," he said. But his recent comments have drawn sharp responses from the U.S. government. Venezuela: Will 'Chavismo' survive? "An assertion that the United States was somehow involved in causing President Chavez's illness is absurd, and we definitively reject it," State Department spokesman Patrick Ventrell said last week. It isn't the first time that a Venezuelan government official has implied that a plot could be behind Chavez's cancer. Chavez made the assertion himself in 2011, saying at a military event in Caracas that he wondered whether the United States could be infecting Latin American leaders with the illness. Chavez cited the revelation that between 1946 and 1948, the United States had carried out human experiments in Guatemala where subjects were exposed to sexually transmitted diseases. The U.S. government apologized for those experiments in 2010. "Would it be strange if (the United States) had developed a technology to induce cancer," he asked, "and for no one to know it?" Maduro announced on March 5 that Chavez had died. The news came nearly two years after Chavez had revealed his cancer diagnosis in June 2011. While government announcements of Chavez's trips to Cuba for treatment were common, officials never revealed details about his prognosis or specified what kind of cancer he had. Maduro has remained tight-lipped, even while telling Telesur that details about Chavez's illness make officials "almost certain" that there was foul play. "We are almost certain based on the data we have," Maduro said. "He had an illness, a cancer that will be known in time, that broke with all the typical characteristics of this illness." Dr. Elmer Huerta, an oncologist and past president of the American Cancer Society, told CNN en Español Tuesday that assertions that injections or poisons could have caused Chavez's cancer have "absolutely no scientific substance." "Science cannot sustain this hypothesis," Huerta said. Any scientific investigation into Chavez's death, Huerta said, could be complicated by the fact that Chavez's body has already been embalmed so that it can be placed on display in a Caracas museum. "If they want to investigate ... they should have already taken all the tissue samples," he said. It's unlikely the scientific commission Maduro spoke of this week will ever be formed, according to Fernando Gerbasi, a Venezuelan analyst and former diplomat. "This is political speculation," he told CNN en Español. "They have wanted to use to the maximum Chavez's death for political purposes." Making the poor count -- a Hugo Chavez legacy CNN's Gabriela Frias and Mariano Castillo and CNNMexico contributed to this report. Comments » SHARE THIS Print Email More sharing Reddit StumbleUpon Delicious Part of complete coverage on Hugo Chavez Q&A: Venezuela's presidential election updated 3:04 PM EDT, Thu April 11, 2013 Less than six weeks after President Hugo Chavez's death, Venezuelans will head to the polls Sunday to pick a new leader. Chavez legacy: Making the poor count updated 12:36 PM EST, Fri March 8, 2013 The poor, usually marginalized by Latin American politicians, became Chavez's main weapon. Maduro: Chavez embalming 'difficult' updated 7:46 AM EDT, Thu March 14, 2013 The plan to embalm the body of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez may have hit a snag. Why display embalmed world leaders? updated 10:31 PM EST, Fri March 8, 2013 The body of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez is the latest in a long line of world leaders whose remains have been embalmed and displayed. Venezuelan leader Hugo Chavez dies updated 5:38 AM EST, Wed March 6, 2013 Hugo Chavez, the polarizing president of Venezuela who cast himself as a "21st century socialist" and foe of the United States, died Tuesday. Share your thoughts on Chavez What is your reaction to President Chavez's death? How do you think it will affect Venezuela's politics? How does is affect your country? Watch: A look at the life of Hugo Chavez updated 6:07 PM EST, Tue March 5, 2013 CNN's Rafael Romo looks back at the life of recently deceased Venezuelan leader Hugo Chavez. Photos: Venezuela's vocal leader updated 2:07 PM EST, Tue March 4, 2014 Venezuela has been transformed while Chavez was in office. Browse through the picture to explore his legacy. Watch: Hugo Chavez's legacy updated 4:56 PM EST, Tue March 5, 2013 A look back and the life and legacy of Venezuelan president Hugo Chavez. CNN's Jim Clancy reports. Opinion: Chavez divided a nation updated 6:04 AM EST, Wed March 6, 2013 Hugo Chavez played key role in focusing attention on the poor. But Frida Ghitis says in the process of helping the poor, he undermined the democracy. Right time to forge ties with Venezuela updated 8:38 AM EST, Fri March 8, 2013 Jesse Jackson: Chavez's death an opportunity for U.S. and Venezuela to heal relations. What's next for Venezuela? updated 10:39 AM EST, Wed March 6, 2013 The death of the charismatic but controversial leader leaves many unanswered questions that Venezuela and the world must now grapple with. Chavez sings a tune with Larry King updated 8:35 PM EST, Tue March 5, 2013 Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez sings with CNN's Larry King prior to his 2009 interview. Chavez's death draws sympathy, anger updated 9:06 AM EST, Wed March 6, 2013 News of Chavez's death drew impassioned reactions from around the world, as leaders and other public figures weighed in on his legacy. Memorable quotes from Hugo Chavez updated 2:24 AM EST, Wed March 6, 2013 CNN looks back at some of the more memorable things President Hugo Chavez said during his life -- like calling George Bush the devil. Interim leader thrust into spotlight updated 5:34 AM EST, Wed March 6, 2013 He began his career as a bus driver, then rose through the ranks to become a member of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez's inner circle. Economy more equal, less stable updated 2:53 AM EST, Wed March 6, 2013 Chavez will be remembered for improving the wealth and political participation of the poor. But his death leaves an economy in tatters, some say. Photos: Celebrities and Hugo Chavez updated 10:33 PM EST, Tue March 5, 2013 Kevin Spacey, Naomi Campbell, Diego Maradona. Browse through the pictures of Hollywood icons and global superstars that met Chavez. Chavez leaves a revolutionary legacy updated 5:41 AM EST, Wed March 6, 2013 Chavez cultivated a larger-than-life appearance. But even after years in office, his legacy may be more fleeting than his outsize personality suggested. Chavez's final interview with CNN updated 5:40 PM EST, Tue March 5, 2013 Watch: In a 2009 interview, Larry King talks to Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez about Obama and Venezeula's global role. Read more on CNN Español Get the latest news, analysis, commentaries and videos from Venezuela in Spanish language on CNN Español. Home | Video | U.S. | World | Politics | Justice | Entertainment | Tech | Health | Living | Travel | Opinion | iReport | Money | Sports Tools & widgets | RSS | Podcasts | Blogs | CNN mobile | My profile | E-mail alerts | Desktop Alerts | CNN shop | Site map | Contact us CNN en ESPAÑOL | CNN México | CNN Chile | CNN Expansión العربية | 日本語 | Türkçe CNN TV | HLN | Transcripts | © 2014 Cable News Network. Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of service | Privacy guidelines | Ad choices | Advertise with us | About us | Work for us | Help CNN Newsource | License Footage
http://www.forbes.com/sites/kenrapoza/2013/03/06/hugo-chavez-cancer-conspiracy-theories-resurface-after-death/
Log in with your social account: Or, you can log in or sign up using Forbes. New Posts +7 posts this hour Most Popular Highest-Paid Athletes Lists Richest Families In U.S. Video Richest Families Introducing: Forbes Investing Newsletters Help | Connect | Sign up | Log in Kenneth Rapoza, Contributor I cover Brazil, Russia, India & China. Follow Following Unfollow Investing | 3/06/2013 @ 3:38PM |10,907 views Hugo Chavez Cancer Conspiracy Theories Resurface After Death 10 comments, 9 called-out Comment Now Follow Comments Following Comments Unfollow Comments Comment Now Follow Comments Following Comments Unfollow Comments Charismatic president Hugo Chavez, 58, died of respiratory complications caused by pelvic cancer on Tuesday evening in Venezuela. Or did he? The announcement of Chavez’s death came hours after vice president, and now interim president Nicolas Maduro, met with Venezuela’s top political leaders and military brass to discuss the president’s ever-worsening health condition. At the time, Maduro apparently suggested that someone may have deliberately infected Chavez with cancer or some other agent that made him deteriorate, according to CNN.  Maduro went so far as to call Chavez’s death an assassination, according to The Washington Post. Stories of Chavez being essentially poisoned by the CIA have been around since his first tumor was reported back in 2011. Even controversial drama-loving Chavez himself wondered out loud if it were possible. To which the U.S State Department public affairs staff responded with a “that’s reprehensible”.  What else are they going to say? You caught us? For the sake of argument, we can say Maduro said no such thing about Chavez. Does one actually get injected with cancer? I mean, even if you did, your immune system would have to already be compromised already.  We  have cancer cells floating in our bodies all the time. They get destroyed, hopefully, on a daily basis. But since Chavez announced he was heading to Havana for cancer treatment, conspiracies of a U.S. involvement began immediately.  Chavez egged them on, if not outright got them rolling. For those who can understand Spanish, this video of Chavez talking to the military questioned whether the U.S. was infecting rival leaders in Latin America with cancer.  He said he found it an odd coincidence that major leaders south of the border, from Brazil’s Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva to Dilma Rousseff, his handpicked successor, to the president of Argentina, Cristina Kirchner, all got cancer around the same time.  And now…it was Chavez’s turn. “I find it very strange. It is hard to explain,” he says in the video. Of course, most of this has fallen on deaf ears. Even the video itself got under 10,000 viewers.  And Hugo Chavez is, since Lula left office, the most famous politician in Latin America. He”s far from an unknown.  The conspiracy angle has not caught fire. The death of Chavez did not really rally the left outside of his home base.  In Latin America, Lula was seen as the more charismatic, if not more practical leader of South America. Chavez was a firebrand, stoking Cold War rhetoric with Washington. As Latin American politics goes, Chavez was the anti-American. So it is not surprising that here at home, the harshest critics of good, old fashion Yankee imperialism came out Wednesday in notes circulating in email in-boxes nationwide that Chavez may have been the victim of a U.S. plot to get rid of him once and for all.  And while the left in the United States send out Viva Chavez, Viva La Revolucion kudos to the most reviled leader in Washington other than Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, the right wing, in their usual lust for kindness, is busy expression their sheer joy that the man is gone. The Daily Caller wrote in an op ed by Christopher Bedford that “No, the U.S. didn’t kill Chavez. But we should have.” Tea Party Republicans called him a tyrant, expressed relief that he was no longer a “force” to reckon with. Force quotes are mine, not his. Because, really, was Chavez a force to reckon with anywhere outside of Venezuela? Meanwhile, there is a relative calm in Venezuela according to press reports and investment sources on the ground in Caracas.  The market expects Maduro to be elected within 30 days. Unless the CIA gives him cancer. Shhhh…. See: Chavez’s Death Draws Sympathy, Anger – CNN           Move up http://i.forbesimg.com t Move down Tea Party Republican Cheers Chavez's Death Kenneth Rapoza Contributor What does Chavez's Death Mean For Venezuela's Billionaires? Ricardo Geromel Contributor 10 comments, 9 called-out Comment Now Follow Comments Following Comments Unfollow Comments Comment Now Follow Comments Following Comments Unfollow Comments Print Report Corrections Reprints & Permissions Post Your Comment Cancel reply Post Your Reply Please log in or sign up to comment. Enter Your Comment Submit Comment Forbes writers have the ability to call out member comments they find particularly interesting. Called-out comments are highlighted across the Forbes network. You'll be notified if your comment is called out. Comments Called-Out Expand All Comments Follow Comments Following Comments Unfollow Comments John Newcomb 1 year ago Its payback time for Venezuela having been one of very few states that recognized the Georgian break-away region of South Ossetia and Abkhazia in 2009, so besides naming Russian mountain peaks after Chavez, Putinist Russia echoes the great friendship between Chavez and Putin by promoting the Yanqui-assassination theory on Russia Today’s media in Spanish, including: “Eva Golinger: Hay evidencias que EE.UU. habría inducido el cáncer a Hugo Chávez”: http://actualidad.rt.com/actualidad/view/88236-chavez-venezuela-eeuu-armas-biologicas Same on Russia Today youtube channel: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9nnIFS4YmOY Permalink Flag Reply Kenneth Rapoza , Contributor 1 year ago And Americans though Al Jazeera was anti-American. Permalink Flag Reply Vadim Shapoval 1 year ago Hugo Chavez Cancer Conspiracy Theories and Ferromagnetic Cancer Theory. Charismatic Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez died on March 5, 2013 after a long battle with cancer. Chavez said, Fidel always tells me, Chavez be careful, they’ve developed technology, be careful with what you eat, they could stick you with a small needle. Hugo Chavez, Fidel Castro, Harold Elliot Varmus [an American Nobel Prize-winning scientist, current Director of the National Cancer Institute, a post he was appointed to by President Barack Obama] and American cancer researchers ignored Clinical and Molecular Biological Aspects of the Ferromagnetic Cancer Theory. Medical News Today is a Leading Resource for the latest news on cancer: 1) ceramic needles can suppress any tumors and large metastases; 2) ceramic needles can enter solution [sulfur (2%) + olive oil (98%); 36.6C - 39.0C] to tumors and large metastases; 3) ceramic needles can create harmless infiltrations (harmless necroses; deposits of cells that die; benign capsules). Medical News Today will beat CANCER. Fidel Castro must invent American Cancer Research Conspiracy Theories. Forbes & Vadim Shapoval Permalink Flag Reply Vadim Shapoval 1 year ago American Association for Cancer Research, Maduro and Ferromagnetic Cancer Theory. Founded in 1907, the American Association for Cancer Research (AACR) is the world’s oldest and largest professional organization dedicated to advancing cancer research. The AACR Annual Meeting attracts more than 17,000 participants. The AACR publishes Cancer Research, a magazine for cancer survivors and their families, patient advocates, physicians and scientists. Harold Varmus, co-recipient of a Nobel Prize for studies of the genetic basis of cancer, is the current Director of the National Cancer Institute. Varmus has authored more than 300 scientific papers and five books. Phillip Sharp is a Nobel Prize-winning molecular biologist who studies the genetic causes of cancer. The AACR, Harold Varmus and Phillip Sharp ignore iron-cancer information-1905-2013 and the Ferromagnetic Cancer Theory (Theory from The Old Testament / Iron Conception) [genetic aspects, molecular biological aspects and clinical aspects]. Genetic research and its related technologies are extremely lucrative for the medical industry. Ironically, over 700 genetic therapies for cancer have now been proposed, yet not a single one has been shown to significantly improve outcomes over non-genetic therapies. The promises of genetic cures for cancer are a mirage. Maduro! Scientific quackery and fraud can’t beat cancer. And while the medical industry continues its unrelenting drive for high-tech remedies, cancer patients would be wise to learn more about the Ferromagnetic Cancer Theory. Maduro! Any cell is a society of dia-, para-, superpara-, ferri- and ferromagnetic nanoparticles. Any cancer is a subtle iron disease; intracellular superpara-ferri-ferromagnetic ‘infection’; the first-born of death (Job 18:13-15). Intracellular molecules FeO;Fe2O3;Fe3O4 are the main ‘creators’ of intracellular superpara-, ferri- and ferromagnetic nanoparticles. These nanoparticles magnetically chaotically cause genomic rearrangements, chromosomal aberrations and chromothripsis within cancer cells. Ceramic needles can suppress any tumors and large metastases. Ceramic needles can create harmless infiltrations (harmless necroses; deposits of cells that die; benign capsules). Ceramic needles can enter solution [sulfur (2%) + olive oil (98%); 36.6C - 39.0C] to tumors and large metastases. Slow blood loss (even 75%) [hemoglobin control], goat’s milk diet [Thou shalt not seethe a kid in his mother's milk] and drinking water containing hydrogen sulfide can neutralize any micrometastases and isolated cancer cells. http://www.medicalnewstoday.com/opinions/122203/ ; http://healthland.time.com/2013/04/01/the-conspiracy-to-end-cancer/ ; http://healthland.time.com/2013/05/15/the-angelina-effect-times-new-cover-image-revealed/ ; http://healthland.time.com/2011/07/13/almost-every-type-of-cancer-kills-more-men-than-women-study-shows/ ; http://www.forbes.com/sites/kenrapoza/2013/03/06/hugo-chavez-cancer-conspiracy-theories-resurface-after-death/ ; Together We (Yahoo!, Google, Forbes, TIME, Medical News Today and Vadim Shapoval) Will Beat CANCER. Permalink Flag Reply Lanet 11 months ago It would NOT be difficult to induce cancer in anyone, with a bit of patience. Just ask the CIA & FBI! They are doing it to me, now, for a year!! They setup shop in (the apartment) above me, and irradiate away(!) when I’m sleeping, as well as 24/7…whenever I’m stationary, with WiFi on. ALL US CITIZENS should protect themselves from these covert assassins. — See: terahertz, Xray guns, and accelerating ageing via the US Army’s very own HOW-TO guide: http://www.slavery.org.uk/Bioeffects_of_Selected_Non-Lethal_Weapons.pdf Permalink Flag Reply 8th Wonder of the World 9 months ago I truly feel sorry for those poor souls that do not believe the U.S. government does not have the capability to give someone cancer without them even feeling it. Don’t believe me?? Just Google “heart attack gun” and you will see the type of technology the U.S government had in the 70′s. The seventies!!!! Permalink Flag Reply Kenneth Rapoza , Contributor 9 months ago Yeah, I guess I kinda do believe it. I just dont think the would do it to Chavez. But who knows. Dark forces at work always, I suppose. I wouldnt give it a total free pass, actually. 10% chance? Permalink Flag Reply 8th Wonder of the World 9 months ago Just think for a second. The CIA had the ability to inject someone with a frozen dart like poison/concoction that covertly gave the victim a heart attack seconds or minutes later. The victim wouldn’t even be aware that he was being assassinated. This was back in the seventies. Now fast forward thirty-eight years later (assuming 1975) and I don’t think we would fully believe the kind of technology they have at their disposition now. Permalink Flag Reply Kenneth Rapoza , Contributor 9 months ago I dont doubt you one bit. Permalink Flag Reply Vadim Shapoval 7 months ago Father of Oncology, Ferromagnetic Cancer Theory, US Thermonuclear Sun-2018 and Chinese Lunar Robots. The origin of the word CANCER is credited to the Greek physician Hippocrates (460-370 BC), who is considered the Father of Medicine. Rudolf Virchow, also known as the Father of Pathology, stated that no man, even under torture, can say exactly what a tumor is. Medical News Today is a Leading Resource for the latest news on cancer. According to MNT, cancer is ultimately the result of cells that uncontrollably grow and do not die. Vadim Shapoval (born August 11, 1969), also known as the Father of Oncology, as the Father of the Thermonuclear Sun-2018, states that cells obey the same laws of chemistry and physics that determine the behavior of nonliving systems. Cancer is a disease of cells. Any human cell is composed of water; diamagnetic, paramagnetic, superparamagnetic, ferrimagnetic and ferromagnetic nanoparticles. Tumor cells are riddled with genetic errors. The body has no natural way to rid itself of the excess iron. Any cancer is caused by iron-related genes (genes involved in iron metabolism) and iron-related events (when excess iron accumulates in the cells, tissues, and organs due to various causes). Any cancer is a subtle iron disease; intracellular superpara-ferri-ferromagnetic infection; death’s firstborn who devours limbs (Job 18:13). According to the Ferromagnetic Cancer Theory (Theory from The Old Testament; Iron Conception), ancient accurate anti-iron methods can beat any cancer. After Stalin died in 1953, the TOKAMAK was developed in the mid-1960s by Soviet plasma physicists. TOKAMAK is Soviet Scientific Fraud. STELLARATOR is a device used to confine hot plasma with magnetic fields. Tokamaks and Stellarators must die. Chinese physicists should know American thermonuclear technologies. Petroleum and wheeled vehicles will die soon. US will create the Greatest Source of Electricity. US Nuclear Artillery will initiate the work of US Thermonuclear Sun-2018 in granite quarry. A star is a massive sphere of plasma held together by its own gravity. A star’s life begins with the gravitational collapse of a gaseous nebula of material composed primarily of hydrogen, along with helium and trace amounts of heavier elements. Life of US Thermonuclear Sun will begin with the non-gravitational collapse of thermonuclear fuel (tritium, deuterium, lithium deuteride and LUNAR helium-3). Special artillery (numerous guns) will create (towards each other) non-gravitational collapse and will deliver thermonuclear fuel to the Thermonuclear Sun. It has been estimated that there are around 1100000 metric tons of helium-3 on the surface of the Moon down to a depth of a few meters. Russia, India, Japan and Germany are taking an interest in lunar exploration linked to helium-3 as a potential thermonuclear fuel. Chinese lunar robots must go to the Moon to mine helium-3 for US Thermonuclear Sun-2018. Together We (Forbes, Medical News Today, TIME, Merriam-Webster, Facebook and Vadim Shapoval) Will Beat CANCER Permalink Flag Reply Follow Comments Following Comments Unfollow Comments Most Read on Forbes News People Places Companies + show more Kenneth Rapoza Contributor Follow Following Unfollow + show more I've written about Brazil pre-Lula and post-Lula and spent the last five years covering all aspects of the country for Dow Jones, Wall Street Journal and Barron's. Meanwhile, for an undetermined amount of time, and with a little help from my friends, I will be parachuting into Russia, India and China. (I figure if Anderson Cooper can parachute, I can parachute.) The author is a Forbes contributor. The opinions expressed are those of the writer. More from Kenneth Rapoza Follow Kenneth Rapoza on Twitter Kenneth Rapoza’s RSS Feed Kenneth Rapoza’s Profile Contact Kenneth Rapoza Inside Forbes Richest U.S. Families: Clans With Billion Dollar Fortunes FORBES' ranking of the richest families, pinning down 185 billion-dollar dynasties collectively worth $1.2 trillion. Downey Jr. Leads FORBES' List Of Top Earning Actors How To Blow $9 Billion: The Fallen Stroh Family see photos The World's 50 Most Valuable Sports Teams 2014 Real-Time Billionaires Forbes Business Investing Technology Entrepreneurs Op/Ed Leadership Lifestyle Lists Conferences Forbes Reinventing America Summit Forbes Women’s Summit Forbes 400 Philanthropy Summit Forbes Under 30 Summit Forbes CIO Summit Forbes CMO Summit Forbes Healthcare Summit Forbes Global CEO Conference Forbes and NAPFA Advisor iConference Education Forbes School of Business at Ashford University Newsletters Forbes Investor Special Situation Survey Forbes Dividend Investor Forbes Premium Income Report Investing Newsletters Products Forbes Identity Protection Forbes Newsfeeds Reprints & Permissions Company Info Advertise Forbes Press Room Forbes Careers Contact Us Sitemap Help 2 Free Issues Subscriber Services Gift Subscription Forbes China Forbes India Forbes Israel Forbes Mexico Forbes Middle East Forbes Poland Forbes Romania Forbes Russia Forbes Spain RealClear RealClear Politics RealClear Markets RealClear World RealClear Sports 2014 Forbes.com LLC   All Rights Reserved Terms and Conditions Privacy Statement Market Data by Morningstar AdChoices
http://rt.com/news/chavez-cancer-conspiracy-probe-164/
     Keep up with the news by installing RT’s extension for . Never miss a story with this clean and simple app that delivers the latest headlines to you.   Version ▼ Arabic Spanish Russian Freevideo инотв rtд RUPTLY Mobile apps RSS live search Section News USA UK Russian politics Business Op-Edge In vision In motion Shows Bulletin board More Home / News / Venezuela to probe Chavez cancer death conspiracy Published time: March 12, 2013 17:44 Get short URL Venezuelan Vice-President Nicolas Maduro placing a sword that belonged to South American liberator Simon Bolivar on the coffin of late Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez in Caracas, on March 8, 2013 (AFP Photo) Tags Chavez, Health, Politics, Scandal, Venezuela Venezuela is to formally investigate suspicions late President Hugo Chavez’s was afflicted with cancer after being poisoned by foreign enemies, the government said. Acting President Nicolas Maduro vowed to set up an inquiry into the allegation, which was first leveled by Chavez after being diagnosed with cancer in 2011. Foreign scientists will also be invited to join a government commission to investigate the claim.   “We will seek the truth,” Reuters cites Maduro as telling regional TV network Telesur late on Monday. “We have the intuition that our commander, Chavez, was poisoned by dark forces that wanted him out of the way.” Maduro said it was too early to determine the exact root of the cancer which was discovered in Chavez’s pelvic region in June 2011, but charged that the United States had laboratories which were experienced in manufacturing diseases. "He had a cancer that broke all norms," the agency cites Maduro as saying. "Everything seems to indicate that they affected his health using the most advanced techniques ... He had that intuition from the beginning." Chavez reportedly underwent four surgeries in Cuba, before dying of respiratory failure after the cancer metastasized in in his lungs. Maduro compared the conspiracy surrounding Chavez’s death to allegations that Israeli agents poisoned Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat to death in 2004. In December 2011, Chavez speculated that the United States could be infecting the regions leaders with cancer after Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner was diagnosed with thyroid cancer. "I don't want to make any reckless accusations," Chavez said before asking: “Would it be strange if [the United States] had developed a technology to induce cancer, and for no one to know it?" Maduro repeated the accusation last week on the eve of Chavez’s death. "Behind all of [the plots] are the enemies of the fatherland," he said on state television before announcing the expulsion of two US Air Force officials for spying on the military and plotting to destabilize the country. Venezuela’s opposition has lambasted the claim as another Chavez-style conspiracy theory intended to distract people from real issues gripping the country in the run up to the snap presidential election called for April 14. As Tuesday marked the last day of official mourning for Chavez, ceremonies are likely to continue, fueling claims by the opposition that the government is exploiting Chavez’s death to hold onto power. While launching his candidacy on Monday, Maduro began his speech with a recording of Chavez singing the national anthem, sending many of his supporters into tears. The pro-business state governor Henrique Capriles, who is running for the opposition’s Democratic Unity coalition, was quick to remind both his supporters and detractors that the charismatic socialist reformer Chavez was not his opponent. “[Maduro] is not Chávez and you all know it,” The Christian Science Monitor quotes him as saying while announcing his candidacy on Sunday. “President Chávez is no longer here.” Maduro, a former bus driver and Chavez's handpicked successor, has attempted to deflect criticism that he lacks the former president’s rhetorical flair by painting himself as a working class hero. “I’m a man of the street. … I’m not Chávez,” he said Sunday. “I’m interim president, commander of the armed forces and presidential candidate because this is what Chávez decided and I’m following his orders.” Polls taken before Chavez's death gave Maduro a 10 point lead over Capriles, who lost to Chavez in last October’s presidential poll. Comments (55)     Bernardete Baronti 17.03.2013 03:53 All my respect for Hugo Chavez because he refused to be a US/Israel puppet. Anonymous user 14.03.2013 10:48 Hehehehehe those stupid commies! They make my day, couse u cant be more dumb! Anonymous user 14.03.2013 08:14 Ask Gunter von Hagen ,he will preserve H. Chavez forever,looking as alive -so I can see him on day View all comments (55) More comments Add comment Authorization required for adding comments           Log in or Register Email You must follow the link in the confirmation email before you can log in. Resend confirmation email Don't forget to check your spam folder The confirmation email has been sent successfully! Password Show password Remember me Forgot your password? Register or Log in Name Email Password Show password Register Log in or Register Request a new password Email Send Log in or Register To complete a registration check your Email: OK Log in or Register A password has been sent to your email address Edit profile X Upload userpic Name Email New password Retype new password Current password Save Cancel Where to watch Schedule Follow us facebook twitter YouTube Google+ Instag Follow @RT_com Follow Recommended Venezuelans and world leaders bid farewell to Hugo Chavez (PHOTOS) 53   Chavez to be embalmed ‘like Lenin’ and put on public display 91 Chavez death ‘no coincidence': Communist leader suggests US plot 34 Venezuela expels two US embassy officials amid Chavez cancer conspiracy 110 Follow us facebook twitter YouTube Google+ Instag Where to watch Schedule Arabic Spanish Russian Freevideo инотв rtд RUPTLY Legal disclaimer Privacy policy Feedback About us Contact info © Autonomous Nonprofit Organization “TV-Novosti”, 2005–2014. All rights reserved. News USA Russian politics Business Op-Edge In vision In motion Shows Bulletin board More
http://english.pravda.ru/opinion/columnists/11-03-2013/124025-hugo_chavez_eath-0/
Google+ ENG RUS PT ITA Mail @pravda.ru Register Now! Login: Password: Sign In Forgot? Russia World Society Science Incidents Opinion Business Photo Advertising sections Opinion » Columnists The death of Hugo Chavez, and the trend of hi-tech assassinations in global politics 11.03.2013   by Peter Baofu Tweet Print version Font Size Send to friend Hugo Chavez, the Socialist president of Venezuela for 14 years, died on March 05, 2013, after having courageously fought against cancer in the last few months. Media reports superficially stated "heart attack" as the cause. But a troubling question is, Who killed him? This question is not rhetorical, since its answer points to the trend of hi-tech assassinations in contemporary global politics. I. HISTORICAL CASES   In the last few years alone, quite a number of prominent individuals who opposed the policies of some powerful states on the world stage had been targeted for hi-tech assassination, which often leaves no trace behind and can kill the victim silently (often in a slow and painful death), and this kind of silent killing becomes an increasingly preferred form of very sophisticated assassination by some powerful states in our time -- unlike the crude use of shooting by an assassin in the older days.  For illustration, just consider some controversial cases of both successful and unsuccessful hi-tech assassinations in the past 2 decades, as shown below: 1.  Cristina Kirchner, current president of Argentina, with thyroid cancer in 2011  2.  Ollanta Humala, current president of Peru, with cancer in the gut in 2011  3.  Hugo Chavez, former president of Venezuela, with prostate Cancer in 2011   4.  Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva, former president of Brazil, with cancer of the larynx in 2011  5.  Nestor Kirchner, former president of Argentina, with colon cancer in 2010   6.  Fernando Lugo, former president of Paraguay, with lymph cancer in 2010 7.  Evo Morales, current president of Bolivia, with cancer in the nasal cavities in 2009  8.  Dilma Vana Rousseff, current president of Brazil, with cancer in the lymphatic system       in 2009  9.  Alexander Litvinenko, former Russian secret service officer, with polonium-210       poisoning in 2006 10. Yassar Arafat, former chair of the PLO, with brain hemorrhage in 2004  11. Khaled Meshaal, the leader of the Hamas, with the poisonous shutdown of the brain       in 1996 Of course, there can be other examples, so the ones above are illustrative, not exhaustive. At first glance, all these cases seem isolated incidents, but, upon closer examination, reveal a growing and disturbing trend of hi-tech assassinations in contemporary global politics, in that all these individuals with the diseases were major opponents of the policies of some powerful states. For example, the first 8 cases above (cases #1-8) involve some recent leftist opponents of American intervention in South America. This led Mr. Chavez to thus wonder, back in 2011, "Would it be so strange that they [in the U.S.] have invented the technology to spread cancer and we won't know about it for 50 years?" and then added: "I don't know but...it is very odd than we have seen Lugo affected by cancer, Dilma when she was [presidential] candidate, me, going into an election year, not long ago Lula and now Cristina....It is very hard to explain, even with the law of probabilities, what has been happening to some [leftist] leaders in Latin America. It's at the very least strange, very strange," as reported by Tom Phillips on December 29, 2011.  His friend Fidel Castro in Cuba, who himself had survived hundreds of hi-tech assassination attempts by the U.S. in the past half of a century, therefore gave him some advice: "Chávez, take care. These people have developed technology. You are very careless. Take care what you eat, what they give you to eat...a little needle and they inject you with I don't know what."  On the day of Chavez's death, Vice President of Venezuela, Nicolas Maduro, said in an address to the nation that "there's no doubt that Commandante Chavez's health came under attack by the enemy," in that "Chavez's cancer was an 'attack' by his enemies" (meaning the U.S.), as reported by Tracy Connor for NBC News on March 06, 2013. Then, General Jose Ornella, head of Venezuela's presidential guard, "echoed the concern of Vice President Nicolas Maduro that some sort of foul play was involved in Chavez's cancer. 'I think it will be 50 years before they declassify a document (that) I think (will show) the hand of the enemy is involved,' he said. The general didn't identify who he was talking about [or what the classified document was exactly], but Maduro suggested possible U.S. involvement...," as reported by Fabiola Sanchez for the Associated Press on March 06, 2013. Shortly after the death of Chavez, Kurt Nimmo wrote on March 6, 2013: "For the naysayers who dispute that the CIA was responsible for the cancer death of Hugo Chavez, note the device in the following video. It is a dart gun developed in the 1970s (or possibly earlier) by the CIA. In the video, the weapon is described as inducing heart attacks. Cancer is not mentioned. However, we know that the CIA used Dr. Alton Oschner, the former president of the American Cancer Society, to run covert cancer research for the agency." If they could invent devices like this back in the 1970s, just imagine how much more they could do now in the 2010s! In addition, Lubov Lulko wrote in January 05, 2012 that there were different technologies to inflict cancer on opponents, like "alpha radiation, electromagnetic waves, or chemicals" which can "cause emergence and development of cancer," as part of the larger efforts by some powerful states to "invent new kinds of biological, chemical and electronic weapons" to kill their enemies. Then, case #9 on the list (above) has to do with the assassination of Alexander Litvinenko by the Russian government under Putin, since "upon his arrival to London, he [Litvinenko] continued to support the Russian oligarch in exile, Boris Berezovsky, in his media campaign against the Russian government" under Putin, and "the main suspect in the case, a former officer of the Russian Federal Protective Service (FSO), Andrei Lugovoy, remains in Russia," and "subsequent investigations by British authorities into the circumstances of Litvinenko's death led to serious diplomatic difficulties between the British and Russian governments," as reported in an article on Wikipedia. And cases #10-11 on the list (above) has to do with the Israeli involvement, for the critics, in the assassination of Yassar Arafat, former chair of the PLO, with brain hemorrhage in 2004, and of Khaled Meshaal, the leader of the Hamas, with the poisonous shutdown of the brain in 1996.  II. SUCCESSES AND FAILURES Hi-tech assassinations can be both successful and unsuccessful, of course. On the one hand, the practice of hi-tech assassination has its own successes. For instance, in the above 11 illustrative cases, 4 attempts were successful, namely, the cases involving Hugo Chavez, Nestor Kirchner, Alexander Litvinenko, and Yassar Arafat. On the other hand, there are failures, in 2 major ways, as explained below.  Firstly, some attempts (like the 9 cases as mentioned earlier) have not been successful, for the time being at least -- and the most notorious one concerns case #11, when Israel unsuccessfully attempted to silently kill Khaled Meshaal (with poison), but "one of Meshaal's bodyguards, Muhammad Abu Saif, had chased the two Mossad agents who had carried out the operation and, with the help of a passing Palestinian Liberation Army officer, later captured them," and "the failed assassination proved to be one of the greatest fiascos in the history of special operations, and a pivotal moment in the rise of Hamas," and it had also humiliated Binyamin Netanyahu, the Israeli prime minister at the time (1996-1999) and also now (since 2009), since he was forced not only to provide "the antidote and the nature of the [toxins] used against Meshaal," but also "to release the founder of Hamas [Sheikh Ahmed Yassin] from jail in a prisoner exchange deal," as reported by Al Jazeera World on January 30, 2013. And secondly, even the killings of the opponents do not necessarily bring the results as intended. For instance, the death of Nestor Kirchner has not made Argentina more pro-American; on the contrary, it only brought his widow Cristina Kirchner into power, who has sided with Chavez instead. The death of Yassar Arafat has not brought peace to the Middle East, nor has it made Israel safer from the Hamas, as the two sides recently had another military clash in December of 2012. The death of Alexander Litvinenko has not silenced the opposition against the presidency of Vladimir Putin; on the contrary, the opposition has grown even stronger nowadays, from 29% of the vote in the presidential election in 2004 to 37% of the vote in 2012. And the death of Hugo Chavez has made him a martyr in the eyes of his supporters, both at home and abroad, for his dual achievements (and visions) to give the poor (long treated with contempt and abused by the aristocrats in the region) a voice in the public sphere and to stand up against "yankee imperialism" for South American independence as a larger integrated bloc.   Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva, former president of Brazil, eloquently wrote about Chavez in The New York Times on March 6, 2013, the day after his death: "No remotely honest person, not even his fiercest opponent, can deny the level of camaraderie, of trust and even of love that Mr. Chavez felt for the poor of Venezuela and for the cause of Latin American integration." At home, "Chávez's social campaigns, especially in the areas of public health, housing and education, succeeded in improving the standard of living of tens of millions of Venezuelans," as Mr. Lula wasted no time to point out. Abroad, "Mr. Chávez was instrumental in the 2008 treaty that established the Union of South American Nations, a 12-member intergovernmental organization that might someday move the continent toward the model of the European Union. In 2010, the Community of Latin American and Caribbean States leapt from theory to practice, providing a political forum alongside the Organization of American States. (It does not include the United States and Canada, as the O.A.S. does.) The Bank of the South, a new lending institution, independent of the World Bank and the Inter-American Development Bank, also would not have been possible without Mr. Chávez's leadership. Finally, he was vitally interested in fostering closer Latin American ties with Africa and the Arab world," as Mr. Lula thus praised him. But this does not mean that Mr. Chavez has no faults of his own making. On the contrary, as Lula thus criticized him: "One need not agree with everything Mr. Chavez said or did....There is no denying that he was a controversial, often polarizing, figure...." And, for his enemies, especially those in the corporate world of big-business capitalism, Mr. Chavez can be regarded as a curse from hell. Yet, for all those countless folks who completely crowded the streets of Caracas on March 06, 2013 and waited for many hours only in order to bid him farewell when his coffin passed through in a military procession, with many crying and mourning, and some even stayed into the night to see his body at the Fort Tiuma military academy -- his death has made him larger than life in their hearts and minds, to the point that, as Lula aptly put it, "his ideas will come to inspire young people in the future, much as the life of Simón Bolívar, the great liberator of Latin America, inspired Mr. Chávez himself." Already, "within hours of Hugo Chavez's death, makeshift altars were going up in homes and on street corners around Venezuela with candles, photos and offerings for the late president. Weeping beside his coffin, supporters are likening him to independence hero Simon Bolivar and even Jesus Christ. Ministers quote his words and precepts in reverential tones," as reported by Andrew Cawthorne on March 8, 2013. And Chavez's body will be "embalmed" and be "permanently displayed" inside "a glass tomb" at a military museum in Caracas, as reported by the Associated Press on March 07, 2013. This then is the best thing that his enemies have done to him: his painful and untimely death makes him a martyr for his followers both at home and abroad, in the present and in the future.  Peter Baofu   Print version Send to friend Code for blog | More Loading... 13344 Popular photos Popular Israel: International Anger Mounts MH 17: Some conclusions - Did NATO try to murder Putin? Putin: Malaysian Crash Blood for Money Whats Kiev hiding, Whats the Wests major malfunction? Ukraine: A western-backed Russophobic tragedy The nutty professor: How Brzezinski plans European annihilation Ukraine: Murderous regime plans false flag event FIFA 2014: The New Age of soccer "Operation Protective Edge": Is Israel Planning Gazas "Final Solution"? Last Tango In Europe Free Net: A right or a caprice? Criminal charges for Juan "I was only defending my shirt" Zúñiga! Lost in the SAlt Mines: how western ultra-leftists betray independent peoples Washingtons War Crimes Spread from Africa and the Middle East to Ukraine The people of the Ukraine were sold a pack of lies Change of British Foreign Secretary. What now? Boycott hobby lobby Iraq: Insurgents Chemical and Nuclear Material - "Minimal Risk", US. Saving our planet, making a difference The Supreme Court of the Corporate Interests Free to do as we please How an American spring can save the world in 2016 A New Recession and a New World Devoid of Washingtons Arrogance? Why dont the Americans like soccer? Ukraine: When the Lunatics Run the Asylum Loading... Most popular Europe feels American cholera at doorstep If we could win the support of Europe, then we all would live in the world, where Russia could breathe freely. Yet, the Americans take great care of the garden of European policy. That is, they... Russia strongly denies involvement in Boeing disaster, aks USA ironic questions Addressing representatives of the United States, the official asked: "If the territory of the United States were fired from a neighboring territory, and, God forbid, an American citizen were killed... Can Cuba save Russia from US missiles? Israel: International Anger Mounts MH 17: Some conclusions - Did NATO try to murder Putin? Giant sinkhole in Russia's north puzzles scientists Guilt by insinuation: How American propaganda works Russian and Ukrainian tourists fight on quiet resorts Western sanctions bring Russian capital back home Video Malaysian Boeing could be downed by Ukrainian fighter jets USA wants to topple Putin Israel continues to destroy Palestine Popular photos Opinion Israel: International Anger Mounts MH 17: Some conclusions - Did NATO try to murder Putin? Putin: Malaysian Crash Blood for Money What's Kiev hiding, What's the West's major malfunction? Ukraine: A western-backed Russophobic tragedy The nutty professor: How Brzezinski plans European annihilation Incidents Gaza Carnage: Merry time for Muslim Zionists Putin's plane could be original target? Gaza resistance will not be crushed Ukraine fiercely bombs Donetsk and Luhansk Ukraine and Russia strengthen positions on Crimean border Conflict between Israel and Palestine evolves into large-scale war About Archive Sitemap Export News partners Advertising Forum Copyright © 1999-2014, «PRAVDA.Ru». When reproducing our materials in whole or in part, hyperlink to PRAVDA.Ru should be made. The opinions and views of the authors do not always coincide with the point of view of PRAVDA.Ru's editors. Select spelling error with mouse and press Ctrl+Enter Rambler partner
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/dan-rather/hugo-chavez-dead_b_2820945.html
View mobile site u;u++)r[u].apply(s,e);return s}function r(t,e){var n=o[t]||(o[t]=[]);n.push(e)}var o={},i="nr@context";e.exports={on:r,emit:n}},{}],2:[function(t){function e(t,e,n,i,s){return u?u-=1:r("err",[s||new UncaughtException(t,e,n)]),"function"==typeof a?a.apply(this,o(arguments)):!1}function UncaughtException(t,e,n){this.message=t||"Uncaught error with no additional information",this.sourceURL=e,this.line=n}function n(t){r("err",[t,(new Date).getTime()])}var r=t("handle"),o=t(6),i=t(5),a=window.onerror,s=!1,u=0;t("loader").features.push("err"),window.onerror=e,NREUM.noticeError=n;try{throw new Error}catch(d){"stack"in d&&(t(1),t(2),"addEventListener"in window&&t(3),window.XMLHttpRequest&&XMLHttpRequest.prototype&&XMLHttpRequest.prototype.addEventListener&&t(4),s=!0)}i.on("fn-start",function(){s&&(u+=1)}),i.on("fn-err",function(t,e,r){s&&(this.thrown=!0,n(r))}),i.on("fn-end",function(){s&&!this.thrown&&u>0&&(u-=1)}),i.on("internal-error",function(t){r("ierr",[t,(new Date).getTime(),!0])})},{1:5,2:4,3:3,4:6,5:1,6:14,handle:"D5DuLP",loader:"G9z0Bl"}],3:[function(t){function e(t){r.inPlace(t,["addEventListener","removeEventListener"],"-",n)}function n(t){return t[1]}var r=t(1),o=(t(3),t(2));if(e(window),"getPrototypeOf"in Object){for(var i=document;i&&!i.hasOwnProperty("addEventListener");)i=Object.getPrototypeOf(i);i&&e(i);for(var a=XMLHttpRequest.prototype;a&&!a.hasOwnProperty("addEventListener");)a=Object.getPrototypeOf(a);a&&e(a)}else XMLHttpRequest.prototype.hasOwnProperty("addEventListener")&&e(XMLHttpRequest.prototype);o.on("addEventListener-start",function(t){if(t[1]){var e=t[1];"function"==typeof e?this.wrapped=e["nr@wrapped"]?t[1]=e["nr@wrapped"]:e["nr@wrapped"]=t[1]=r(e,"fn-"):"function"==typeof e.handleEvent&&r.inPlace(e,["handleEvent"],"fn-")}}),o.on("removeEventListener-start",function(t){var e=this.wrapped;e&&(t[1]=e)})},{1:15,2:1,3:14}],4:[function(t){var e=(t(3),t(1)),n=t(2);e.inPlace(window,["requestAnimationFrame","mozRequestAnimationFrame","webkitRequestAnimationFrame","msRequestAnimationFrame"],"raf-"),n.on("raf-start",function(t){t[0]=e(t[0],"fn-")})},{1:15,2:1,3:14}],5:[function(t){function e(t){var e=t[0];"string"==typeof e&&(e=new Function(e)),t[0]=n(e,"fn-")}var n=(t(3),t(1)),r=t(2);n.inPlace(window,["setTimeout","setInterval","setImmediate"],"setTimer-"),r.on("setTimer-start",e)},{1:15,2:1,3:14}],6:[function(t){function e(){o.inPlace(this,s,"fn-")}function n(t,e){o.inPlace(e,["onreadystatechange"],"fn-")}function r(t,e){return e}var o=t(1),i=t(2),a=window.XMLHttpRequest,s=["onload","onerror","onabort","onloadstart","onloadend","onprogress","ontimeout"];window.XMLHttpRequest=function(t){var n=new a(t);try{i.emit("new-xhr",[],n),o.inPlace(n,["addEventListener","removeEventListener"],"-",function(t,e){return e}),n.addEventListener("readystatechange",e,!1)}catch(r){try{i.emit("internal-error",r)}catch(s){}}return n},window.XMLHttpRequest.prototype=a.prototype,o.inPlace(XMLHttpRequest.prototype,["open","send"],"-xhr-",r),i.on("send-xhr-start",n),i.on("open-xhr-start",n)},{1:15,2:1}],7:[function(t){function e(){function e(t){if("string"==typeof t&&t.length)return t.length;if("object"!=typeof t)return void 0;if("undefined"!=typeof ArrayBuffer&&t instanceof ArrayBuffer&&t.byteLength)return t.byteLength;if("undefined"!=typeof Blob&&t instanceof Blob&&t.size)return t.size;if("undefined"!=typeof FormData&&t instanceof FormData)return void 0;try{return JSON.stringify(t).length}catch(e){return void 0}}function n(t){var n=this.params,r=this.metrics;if(!this.ended){this.ended=!0;for(var i=0;u>i;i++)t.removeEventListener(s[i],this.listener,!1);if(!n.aborted){if(r.duration=(new Date).getTime()-this.startTime,4===t.readyState){n.status=t.status;var a=t.responseType,d="arraybuffer"===a||"blob"===a||"json"===a?t.response:t.responseText,f=e(d);if(f&&(r.rxSize=f),this.sameOrigin){var c=t.getResponseHeader("X-NewRelic-App-Data");c&&(n.cat=c.split(", ").pop())}}else n.status=0;r.cbTime=this.cbTime,o("xhr",[n,r])}}}function r(t,e){var n=i(e),r=t.params;r.host=n.hostname+":"+n.port,r.pathname=n.pathname,t.sameOrigin=n.sameOrigin}t("loader").features.push("xhr");var o=t("handle"),i=t(1),a=t(5),s=["load","error","abort","timeout"],u=s.length,d=t(2);t(3),t(4),a.on("new-xhr",function(){this.totalCbs=0,this.called=0,this.cbTime=0,this.end=n,this.ended=!1,this.xhrGuids={}}),a.on("open-xhr-start",function(t){this.params={method:t[0]},r(this,t[1]),this.metrics={}}),a.on("open-xhr-end",function(t,e){"loader_config"in NREUM&&"xpid"in NREUM.loader_config&&this.sameOrigin&&e.setRequestHeader("X-NewRelic-ID",NREUM.loader_config.xpid)}),a.on("send-xhr-start",function(t,n){var r=this.metrics,o=t[0],i=this;if(r&&o){var d=e(o);d&&(r.txSize=d)}this.startTime=(new Date).getTime(),this.listener=function(t){try{"abort"===t.type&&(i.params.aborted=!0),("load"!==t.type||i.called===i.totalCbs&&(i.onloadCalled||"function"!=typeof n.onload))&&i.end(n)}catch(e){try{a.emit("internal-error",e)}catch(r){}}};for(var f=0;u>f;f++)n.addEventListener(s[f],this.listener,!1)}),a.on("xhr-cb-time",function(t,e,n){this.cbTime+=t,e?this.onloadCalled=!0:this.called+=1,this.called!==this.totalCbs||!this.onloadCalled&&"function"==typeof n.onload||this.end(n)}),a.on("xhr-load-added",function(t,e){var n=""+d(t)+!!e;this.xhrGuids&&!this.xhrGuids[n]&&(this.xhrGuids[n]=!0,this.totalCbs+=1)}),a.on("xhr-load-removed",function(t,e){var n=""+d(t)+!!e;this.xhrGuids&&this.xhrGuids[n]&&(delete this.xhrGuids[n],this.totalCbs-=1)}),a.on("addEventListener-end",function(t,e){e instanceof XMLHttpRequest&&"load"===t[0]&&a.emit("xhr-load-added",[t[1],t[2]],e)}),a.on("removeEventListener-end",function(t,e){e instanceof XMLHttpRequest&&"load"===t[0]&&a.emit("xhr-load-removed",[t[1],t[2]],e)}),a.on("fn-start",function(t,e,n){e instanceof XMLHttpRequest&&("onload"===n&&(this.onload=!0),("load"===(t[0]&&t[0].type)||this.onload)&&(this.xhrCbStart=(new Date).getTime()))}),a.on("fn-end",function(t,e){this.xhrCbStart&&a.emit("xhr-cb-time",[(new Date).getTime()-this.xhrCbStart,this.onload,e],e)})}window.XMLHttpRequest&&XMLHttpRequest.prototype&&XMLHttpRequest.prototype.addEventListener&&!/CriOS/.test(navigator.userAgent)&&e()},{1:8,2:11,3:3,4:6,5:1,handle:"D5DuLP",loader:"G9z0Bl"}],8:[function(t,e){e.exports=function(t){var e=document.createElement("a"),n=window.location,r={};e.href=t,r.port=e.port;var o=e.href.split("://");return!r.port&&o[1]&&(r.port=o[1].split("/")[0].split(":")[1]),r.port&&"0"!==r.port||(r.port="https"===o[0]?"443":"80"),r.hostname=e.hostname||n.hostname,r.pathname=e.pathname,"/"!==r.pathname.charAt(0)&&(r.pathname="/"+r.pathname),r.sameOrigin=!e.hostname||e.hostname===document.domain&&e.port===n.port&&e.protocol===n.protocol,r}},{}],handle:[function(t,e){e.exports=t("D5DuLP")},{}],D5DuLP:[function(t,e){function n(t,e){var n=r[t];return n?n.apply(this,e):(o[t]||(o[t]=[]),void o[t].push(e))}var r={},o={};e.exports=n,n.queues=o,n.handlers=r},{}],11:[function(t,e){function n(t){if(!t||"object"!=typeof t&&"function"!=typeof t)return-1;if(t===window)return 0;if(o.call(t,"__nr"))return t.__nr;try{return Object.defineProperty(t,"__nr",{value:r,writable:!0,enumerable:!1}),r}catch(e){return t.__nr=r,r}finally{r+=1}}var r=1,o=Object.prototype.hasOwnProperty;e.exports=n},{}],loader:[function(t,e){e.exports=t("G9z0Bl")},{}],G9z0Bl:[function(t,e){function n(){var t=p.info=NREUM.info;if(t&&t.agent&&t.licenseKey&&t.applicationID&&u&&u.body){p.proto="https"===c.split(":")[0]||t.sslForHttp?"https://":"http://",a("mark",["onload",i()]);var e=u.createElement("script");e.src=p.proto+t.agent,u.body.appendChild(e)}}function r(){"complete"===u.readyState&&o()}function o(){a("mark",["domContent",i()])}function i(){return(new Date).getTime()}var a=t("handle"),s=window,u=s.document,d="addEventListener",f="attachEvent",c=(""+location).split("?")[0],p=e.exports={offset:i(),origin:c,features:[]};u[d]?(u[d]("DOMContentLoaded",o,!1),s[d]("load",n,!1)):(u[f]("onreadystatechange",r),s[f]("onload",n)),a("mark",["firstbyte",i()])},{handle:"D5DuLP"}],14:[function(t,e){function n(t,e,n){e||(e=0),"undefined"==typeof n&&(n=t?t.length:0);for(var r=-1,o=n-e||0,i=Array(0>o?0:o);++r HuffPost's QuickRead... Loading... HuffPost's QuickRead... Loading... norway Smarter IdeasTrue Colors iOS app Android app More Log in Create Account Notifications Profile Settings Logout July 24, 2014 Edition: U.S. BR Brasil CA Canada DE Deutschland ES España FR France IT Italia JP 日本 (Japan) KR 한국 (Korea) MG Maghreb UK United Kingdom US United States Follow us on Facebook Get updates from HuffPost WorldPost posted directly to your News Feed. Follow FRONT PAGE Politics Sarah Palin's Excuse For Speeding Is...606 Texas Abortion Rate Drops Dramatically As New Restrictions Take Effect988 Here's Why You're On The No-Fly List146 Study: Children Exposed To Religion Have Difficulty Distinguishing Fact From Fiction797 Bachmann Teases Another Potential Presidential Run700 Go to Politics More in Politics Pollster Politics Blog Off The Bus Election Maps Polls and Charts You might also like WorldPost Green Black Voices Latino Voices Gay Voices Business Home Depot's Latest Product Could Save You From Having To Go To Home Depot Again113 Here's More Proof Obamacare Is Working What Your Chipotle Burrito Is Trying To Tell You About The Economy64 Luxury New York Condo Will Have A 'Poor Door' For Lower-Income Residents332 Law Firms Took Money From Struggling Homeowners To Pay For Cars, Stuff: Feds Go to Business More in Business Small Biz Money You might also like WorldPost Tech Media Arts Sports Weird News Smarter Ideas Urban Progress Media David Gregory Could Reportedly Be Yanked From 'Meet The Press'824 AP Photographer's Killer Sentenced To Death MSNBC Contributor Accuses Network Of 'Biased' Coverage Toward Israel1.1k Anderson Cooper Moved By 'Extraordinary Outpouring' For MH17 Victims Egyptian Court's Unbelievable Remarks About Jailed Al Jazeera Journalists10 Go to Media More in Media Eat The Press Calderone: The Backstory You might also like Entertainment TV Comedy Arts Books Religion Moviefone Green If You Don't Like Bugs, Don't Click On This Story Gigantic Whale Gently Lifts A Kayak Out Of The Water With Its Head21 The Great Barrier Reef Won't Look Like This For Long33 'World's Saddest Bear' Won't Be Moved, Argentine Zoo Says28 South Africa Cracks Down On Rhino Poachers40 Go to Green More in Green Energy Climate Change Animals Green Tech Green Holiday You might also like Politics Food WorldPost Science Healthy Living Tech William Shatner Doesn't Like Facebook's New App Or George Takei169 Apple Is Making A Mind-Boggling Number Of Huge iPhones37 This Could Be The Back Panel For The ‘iPhone 6' 13 Things You Didn't Know Were Beautiful Until Right Now Netflix Is Going To Start Selling Gift Cards Go to Tech More in Tech TEDWeekends Social Media You might also like Small Biz Green Science NY SF Smarter Ideas TechCrunch Engadget Arts Breathtaking Photos Of Witch Doctors And Healers Reveal The Spiritual Diversity Of Bolivia Artist Conjures The Ghosts Hidden In Found Vintage Photos11 This Is What Making Out Actually Looks Like Chinese Businessman Sips Tea From $36.3 Million Cup, Angers The Internet Behold, The Stunning Street Art Of Portugal's Biggest City Go to Arts More in Arts Painting Film Design Photography Theater Architecture You might also like Books NY Los Angeles Travel Andrew McCarthy Bets On The Best Spots In Las Vegas 40 Travel Scams You Need To Look Out For 7 Green Hotels Eco-Friendly Travelers Will Absolutely Love Underwear Optimization Charts Are The Only Packing Advice You Need There's Basically A Free In-N-Out Shuttle At LAX Go to Travel More in Travel Travel Video Destinations Themed Guides TSA Airlines You might also like Food Arts World GPS for the Soul Recipes Women The One Thing To Know If You Think Women Make 'Excuses' For Not Having Sex131 Jada Pinkett Smith: There's An 'Epidemic In Regards To The Treatment Of Women' The Insidious Type Of Street Harassment No One Is Talking About20 Everyday Sexism Isn't So Subtle When It Happens To Men29 Beyoncé Just Morphed Into The Feminist Icon Of Our Dreams32 Go to Women More in Women Love & Sex Career & Money Women's Health You might also like Style Weddings Divorce Parents Healthy Living Black Voices Latino Voices Religion Creationist: Aliens Will Go To Hell & Not Even Jesus Can Save Them669 What Is Laylat Al Qadr, The 'Night Of Power?' Forgotten Black Mormons Reclaim Their Place In History Of The LDS Church11 Google Suggest Reveals The Internet's Offensive Religious Stereotypes73 Love Wins: The Shifting Landscape on LGBT Issues in the Evangelical Church83 Go to Religion More in Religion Buddhism Christianity Hinduism Islam Judaism You might also like Arts World Healthy Living Impact GPS for the Soul HUFFPOST LIVE Now Surviving In-Laws From Hell Next Israel, Gaza And Social Media Coming Up Judy Greer & Nat Faxon LIVE Coming Up Tech Training For The Homeless Coming Up 'The Leftovers' Star Amy Brenneman LIVE Go to HuffPost Live ALL SECTIONS News Politics WorldPost Business Small Business Money Media Sports Education Crime Weird News Good News Entertainment Entertainment Celebrity Comedy Arts & Culture Books TV Life & Style Healthy Living GPS for the Soul Style Home Taste Weddings Travel Parents Divorce Huff/Post 50 Marlo Thomas OWN Tech & Science Tech Science Green TEDWeekends Code Voices Women Black Voices Latino Voices Voces (en español) Gay Voices Religion College Teen Impact Local Chicago DC Denver Detroit Hawaii Los Angeles Miami New York San Francisco Our Mobile Apps iOS App HuffPost Live iOS Android App WorldPost Berggruen Institute on Governance ChinaFile Dan Rather Host, 'Dan Rather Reports' GET UPDATES FROM Dan Rather   Like 305 What Hugo Chavez Left Behind Posted: 03/06/2013 2:10 pm Follow   Foreign Affairs ,   Latin America ,   South America ,   Venezuela , Hugo Chavez , Hugo Chávez , Hugo Chavez , Hugo Chavez Dead , Hugo Chavez Death , World News share this story Submit this story digg reddit stumble Hugo Chavez has died of cancer, and to the end he refused to say what type of cancer it was. As we reported last May, Chavez had metastatic rhabdomyosarcoma, an aggressive cancer that the Venezuelan strongman lived with much longer than he was expected to. That's what our source, who was in a position to know his medical condition and history, told us nine months ago. At the time our source doubted Chavez would live to see the results of the October election. Instead, he lasted another five months. Chavez was a fighter. A defining moment in his life and 14-year rule occurred at the United Nations back in 2006. Then-President George W. Bush had addressed the General Assembly the day before, and when Chavez took the lectern, the fiery populist couldn't resist jabbing President Bush, a man he described as "the spokesman for imperialism." "The devil came here yesterday," Chavez told the august body, referring to Bush. "And it smells of sulfur still today." Chavez couldn't resist leaving a little of his own sulfur behind. A few months back, he suggested that his "imperialist" enemies had somehow infected him with cancer -- an assertion that Venezuelan Vice President Nicolas Maduro echoed shortly before the president's demise. Wild conspiracy theories, often involving the United States, were of course nothing new for the Chavez regime. He built a devoted -- almost religiously faithful -- following among Venezuela's millions of marginalized poor by daring to stand up to challenge the United States' supremacy in the hemisphere. His socialist "Bolivarian Revolution" also created a host of new social programs designed to end widespread poverty- everything from literacy programs, healthcare, and job training. These programs were funded with Venezuelan oil, and they had some success. The Washington-based Center for Economic and Policy Research found poverty in Venezuela dropped by nearly 40 percent during Chavez's first decade in office. Venezuelan oil -- and Chavez's belligerently anti-American posture -- helped him to become leader of a group of leftist Latin American countries regimes, including Bolivia, Nicaragua and Ecuador that defiantly challenged U.S. hegemony. They did so by refusing to cooperate on American counter-narcotics strategies and extending new diplomatic and economic ties to stridently anti-American regimes overseas, including Iran, Syria and Russia. Chavez considered Cuba's aging ex-dictator Fidel Castro a mentor; indeed, he received much of his medical treatment in Havana. And in exchange for oil money, Cuba sent a steady flow of doctors to treat Venezuela's poor and rural communities. As long as the oil was flowing, it appeared Chavez would be able to hold onto power. But as he grew ill, it appeared that so did his country. In recent years, production of oil -- which accounts for some 40 percent of Venezuela's budget revenue -- began to fall. Crime has soared. Infrastructure has crumbled. And Chavez consolidated power to such a degree that his death leaves a potentially volatile vacuum -- not only in Venezuela, but in the entire Western hemisphere.   FOLLOW WORLDPOST Like 386k Follow us on Facebook Get updates from HuffPost World posted directly to your News Feed.   Subscribe Related News On Huffington Post:   Venezuela-US Ties Unlikely To Improve Soon, Experts Say Hugo Chavez Funeral: Friday's Ceremony Expected To Be Lavish Affair Young Hugo Chavez: Images Of The Late Venezuelan President Before He Assumed Power (PHOTOS) Chavez's Coffin Taken To The Streets (PHOTOS) Miami Marlins Refuse Venezuelan Team A Moment Of Silence For Hugo Chavez Hugo Chavez Successor Nicolas Maduro Shows Venezuelan Leader's Influence, Even In Death Venezuela Baseball Team Mourns Death Of Hugo Chavez Ahead Of WBC Venezuela-US Ties Unlikely To Improve Soon, Experts Say The US has long hoped that a post-Chavez era could herald a new era in ties with Venezuela, but allegations of a US plot to... Hugo Chavez Funeral: Friday's Ceremony Expected To Be Lavish Affair The funeral for late Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez, who passed away March 5 after a long battle with cancer, will be held on Friday, March... Young Hugo Chavez: Images Of The Late Venezuelan President Before He Assumed Power (PHOTOS) Hugo Chavez's life is sure to be examined exhaustively for years to come. The rise of the late Venezuelan president will be tracked in history... Chavez's Coffin Taken To The Streets (PHOTOS) CARACAS, March 6 (Reuters) - The coffin of deceased Venezuelan leader Hugo Chavez was brought out of a military hospital onto the streets of Caracas... Miami Marlins Refuse Venezuelan Team A Moment Of Silence For Hugo Chavez You could trace the Miami Marlins' tailspin back to last April, when new manager Ozzie Guillen pissed of the most important exiles in town by... Hugo Chavez Successor Nicolas Maduro Shows Venezuelan Leader's Influence, Even In Death CARACAS, Venezuela — A flag-draped coffin carrying the body of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez floated over a sea of supporters Wednesday on its way to... Venezuela Baseball Team Mourns Death Of Hugo Chavez Ahead Of WBC JUPITER, Fla. -- Venezuela's baseball team was taking pregame batting practice when players heard that president Hugo Chavez had died. "He was a baseball man,"... Read more from Huffington Post bloggers: Larry King Larry King: My Conversation With Hugo Chavez Joseph A. Palermo Joseph A. Palermo: President Hugo Chavez and America's "Backyard" Joe Peyronnin Joe Peyronnin: Chavez's Legacy Yoani Sanchez Yoani Sanchez: The End of Chavez Larry King: My Conversation With Hugo Chavez I found Hugo Chavez conflicting. In a strange way, he was extraordinarily easy to like, but of course many people -- both good and bad -- who rise to prominence can be that way. Chavez was larger than life. He was very engaging. Joseph A. Palermo: President Hugo Chavez and America's "Backyard" Hugo Chavez defied this history of power relations in the hemisphere. And for that defiance elite voices will vilify him, but a far larger number of people will see him as a hero. Joe Peyronnin: Chavez's Legacy President Hugo Chavez's death, while not unexpected, brings an uncertain future to a country that he ruled with an iron fist. It also may present a great opportunity for American diplomacy in Venezuela and Latin America. Yoani Sanchez: The End of Chavez It was a question of dates, of choosing a date on the calendar to announce what many of us had already imagined. The news of the Hugo Chavez's death was produced on Tuesday afternoon, but for months his early end was predictable.   Most Popular AIPAC Is the Only Explanation for America's Morally Bankrupt Israel Policy Getty Images 47 Dead In Taiwan Plane Crash TVBS Israeli Military Pummels Gaza, Sending Thousands Of Residents Fleeing ASSOCIATED PRESS MH17 Parents: 'We Live In A Hell Beyond Hell' Twitter The Heartbreaking Last Hours Of MH17's Victims JOHN THYS via Getty Images 2 Ukrainian Military Jets Shot Down AP Felled Plane Found Sawed In Half ASSOCIATED PRESS Taiwan Plane Crash Not Caused By Weather, Authorities Say Ashley Pon via Getty Images Anti-Israel Protesters Call For Jews To Be Gassed ASSOCIATED PRESS 'They Just Wanted To Kill As Many People As Possible' Sophia Jones Ukraine Rebel Leader Admits Fighters Did Have BUK Missile Rob Stothard via Getty Images British Labour Party Leader: 'We Oppose The Israeli Incursion Into Gaza' Oli Scarff via Getty Images UN Launches Probe Into Israeli Violations In Gaza ASSOCIATED PRESS Grieving Father To Putin: 'Thank You For Murdering My Child' ASSOCIATED PRESS 'No Safe Place For Civilians' In Gaza, UN Says ASSOCIATED PRESS Putin Vows To Strengthen Russia's Capabilities To Counter NATO MIKHAIL KLIMENTYEV via Getty Images Gaza Fighting Continues Even As FAA Lifts Flight Ban DAVID BUIMOVITCH via Getty Images 15,000 Nigerians Flee After Boko Haram Attacks ASSOCIATED PRESS What Are Rebels Trying To Hide? Potentially A Lot ASSOCIATED PRESS Ukraine Rebels Hand Over Black Boxes ASSOCIATED PRESS {{breaking}} {{headline}} Follow HuffPost Email Facebook Twitter Google Plus RSS Mobile HuffPost Daily Brief WorldPost Get top stories and blogs posts emailed to you each day. HuffPost WorldPost Follow us on Facebook Get updates from HuffPost WorldPost posted directly to your News Feed. HuffPost Follow WorldPost Follow HuffPost WorldPost Most Popular on HuffPost Latest News WorldPost View all RSS feeds Conan O’Brien’s Cameo in Sharktopus Vs Pteracuda Is Spectacular Hero Builds a Genius Machine That Can Fill 100 Water Balloons in a Minute An Indian Boy With 260 Teeth Just Got 232 of Them Pulled Out Time - World   Advertise | Make HuffPost your Home Page | RSS | Careers | FAQ User Agreement | Privacy | Comment Policy | About Us | About Our Ads | Contact Us Copyright © 2014 TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. | "The Huffington Post" is a registered trademark of TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. All rights reserved. Part of HPMG News HuffPost Lightbox
http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/world/rest-of-world/Venezuelan-President-Hugo-Chavez-dies-of-cancer-at-58/articleshow/18823744.cms
Indiatimes | The Times of India | The Economic Times | More More Follow Rest of World The Times of India The Times of India Indiatimes Web (by Google) Video Photos Advanced Search » Home City India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Life & Style Women Spirituality NRI Photos Videos Delhi University registrar told to pack up Bangalore schools catch Fifa WC fever, delay... Trainer shot at, mother says it’s a revenge ... 34 test positive for dengue in Pune Children vomit after midday meal Trio held for duping girl with fake job offe... Boy going to school axed to death in Ajmer 'Pune blast prima facie terror attack' Woman alleges sex abuse of son by partner FOLLOW TOI World US Pakistan South Asia UK Europe China Middle East Rest of World Videos Mad, Mad World You are here: Home »  World » Rest of World RELATED ARTICLES A hearing test that’s a talking point FEATURED TODAY IN World 1.Russia urges UN to demand ceasefire in Ukraine 2.US struggles to resolve Afghan election crisis 3.Iraqi Kurds take over 2 northern oil fields 4.No normalizing of ties with Israel: Erdogan 5.At least 30 Ukraine troops dead in attack 6.Kerry to bang heads together in Iran nuclear talks 7.China sentences 32 in Xinjiang for 'terror' videos 8.3 Thai Muslim police officers killed in ambush 9.Pictures of smiling Bowe Bergdahl released 10.Kerry arrives in Afghanistan to meet candidates more RELATED KEYWORDS: venezuelan-president|Venezuela|Sathya-Sai-Baba|Nicolas-Maduro|hugo-chavez Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez dies of cancer at 58 The author has posted comments on this articleShobhan Saxena, TNN | Mar 6, 2013, 07.41AM IST Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez died after battling cancer for two years. Page 1 of 4 SAO PAULO: From life, Hugo Chavez has moved into history. A living legend for millions of poor in his country and a divisive figure in global politics, the Venezuelan president died on Tuesday evening. He was 58. After battling cancer for two years during which he underwent multiple rounds of surgeries and chemotherapy in Cuba and at home, the Venezuelan president breathed his last at a military hospital in the capital Caracas. With his death, the socialist leader's 14-year rule of the South American country with the largest reserves of oil in the world has come to an end. Now as per the constitution, Venezuela must elect a new president within 30 days. In the forthcoming presidential election, Venezuelan vice-president Nicolas Maduro, a follower of Sathya Sai Baba, will be most probably pitted against the joint opposition candidate Henrique Capriles, who was beaten by Chavez by a margin of 11% votes in the October election. The Venezuelan Constitution says the nation should "proceed to a new election" within 30 days, and meanwhile, the vice-president will take over. As of now, Nicolas Maduro is in-charge of the country which will observe seven-day mourning for Chavez. As the news of Chavez's death spread in the region, all Latin American countries were gripped by some anxiety. From Brazil to Cuba, all governments are closely watching the situation in the South American nation. Most Latin American leaders are expected to attend Chavez's funeral to show their solidarity with Venezuela in this moment of crisis. Paying tributes to Chavez on Tuesday Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff described him as "a great Latin American". "His death has caused sadness to all Latin Americans. He was a friend of Brazil. His death is a irreparable loss. Besides being a good leader, he was generous with all the countries in this continent that needed him," said the president of the biggest Latin American country, which is also South America's economic powerhouse. The stakes are quite high for many left-leaning governments around Latin America and the Caribbean. Since 1999, Chavez's oil-financed largess has boosted economies of allies from Cuba to Bolivia and Ecuador. Though rumours of Chavez's death were in the air throughout the day on Tuesday, the confirmation came in the evening when vice president Maduro made an announcement in a televised speech. "It's a moment of deep pain," Maduro, accompanied by senior ministers and military generals, said, his voice choking. Chavez died at a military hospital in Caracas. As soon as the news was announced, his supporters — mostly from poor neighbourhoods — gathered at the city's main square and began chanting: "Chavez lives, the battle continues." As night fell, thousands of Chavez followers, wearing the red beret the president was known for, gathered on streets and sang a popular folk song with the words: "Those who die for life cannot be called dead." The flamboyant leader, who had undergone four operations in Cuba for a cancer that was first detected in his pelvic region in mid-2011, had not been seen in public since December 11 last year, when he underwent surgery in Havana. But two weeks back, he suddenly returned to Venezuela, giving hope to his supporters that he was recovering. But Chavez never came out of the military hospital where he spent his last days, battling the deadly disease. As vice-president Maduro announced Chavez's death, the country, especially the poor and working-class people, plunged into deep sorrow. Though he had not been very active due to his poor health in the past couple of years, Chavez was extremely popular in city slums and in the countryside. The Venezuelan leader had easily won a new 6-year term in October, defeating his rival by a huge margin. According to observers, Chavez's death is a devastating blow to millions of his supporters who liked his charismatic style and social policies that have brought subsidized food and free healthcare to long-neglected slums. Though the Venezuelan capital had been tense for weeks because of uncertainty about Chavez's condition, it became clear on Tuesday morning that Chavez was sinking when vice-president Maduro said that the president had a new, severe respiratory infection and had entered "his most difficult hours". During a long, fiery speech, Maduro also said the country had expelled American diplomat David del Monaco because of what he said was his work trying to "destabilize the country." In his speech, Maduro, who is most likely to run for president in the next election, also repeated an accusation that Chavez himself made in 2011: That the US was behind Chavez's cancer. He wondered, if like Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, Chavez had been poisoned. Maduro seemed to setting the table for a Venezuela without Chavez. He talked about the ailing leader's legacy and said he was their "teacher, our father and our supreme leader." Making it clear that nothing will change in Venezuela without Chavez, Maduro issued a warning: Despite its ailing leader, the revolution, he said, is "stronger than ever" and "ready to act in coordination" against any attempts to destabilize the country. Maduro also minced no words when he tied the country's "right" with the US, which, like Chavez, he termed "the imperialists." Chavez is gone but he seems to have left behind a legacy, and the country is not likely to deviate from his philosophy and policies — both internal and external — anytime soon. Article continues Reader's opinions Read All Comments THE TIMES OF INDIA Powered by INDIATIMES About us Advertise with us Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Privacy policy Feedback RSS Newsletter TOI Mobile ePaper Sitemap Archives Other Times Group news sites Times Crest | The Economic Times इकनॉमिक टाइम्स | ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ Mumbai Mirror | Times Now Indiatimes | नवभारत टाइम्स महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स | ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ Go Green Living and entertainment Timescity | iDiva | Bollywood | Zoom Healthmeup | Luxpresso | Technoholik Guylife Interest Network itimes | Email Hot on the Web Hotklix Services Book print ads | Online shopping | Business solutions | Book domains | Web hosting Business email | Free SMS | Free email | Website design | CRM | Tenders | Remit Cheap air tickets | Matrimonial | Ringtones | Astrology | Jobs | Property | Buy car Bikes in India | Deals | Free Classifieds Copyright © 2014 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service
